the battery is not connected to only itself in a closed path
because it is still connected to a batery
It has its own closed path
the negative battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 6
you guys would get more honest feedback and answers if you didnt make this so boring and repeatdly ask the same questions. its not like your testing elementary school kids
The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
there is no electrical state difference.
Bulbs A and B will still be contained in a closed path to the battery.
a bulb connects the terminals, so there will be a difference in electrical state if there is a fault.
The battery terminals have different electrical states.
there is a closed path that contains the battery and bulb a. there is a closed path that contains the battery and bulb b and bulb c
Bulb A was still in a closed path
when they are all on the same closed path
bulb a will be in a closed path. bulb b will be in a closed path.
not sure
because terminal one is connected to the positive battery terminal
because there is a gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1.
the gap between the damaged wires of bulb b creates a gap in the path.
It is on a separate path.
the red x means that the circuit is not safe.
bulb a is not in the path of bulbs b and c.  if bulb a is damaged, bulbs b and c are still lit.
a switch must be closed to create a closed path circuit. a bulb will turn on if it is on a closed path. a bulb will not turn on if it is on an open circuit or if a switch is open.
bulb c and a are contained in the same closed path
bulb c does not affect the path of a and b.
because all the terminals are connected to other terminals, an open switch disrupts that.
it is negative
They are not on the same section
the bulb could be lit by having switch X and switch Z closed.
Because they were connected within the same terminal.
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
if it is open and the bulb is no longer and a closed path because it is open
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 6
bulb A is not contained in the same circuit as bulbs B and C
it is not the bulb that is damaged
because bulb a and c will still be in a closed path with the battery
it was connected to both terminals of the battery
if it is closed, the bulb will be on. If it is open the bulb will be off
wrong
the circuit is no longer complete when the switches are open
The terminal is still connected to an electrical state of the battery
both are on same closed paths
i don"t know.
Termminal 5 is connected to teh positive battery terminal
Bulbs B and A will still be on closed paths with the battery
the switch being open or closed determines if the path is closed or not
it was in a closed path with the battery
switch X does not affect the closed circuit of bulbs B and C
only one side of the battery is in the closed path
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal.
Because it didn"t cause a gap.
not in path
terminal 5 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery
switch z is contained in a closed path
The electrical state at the terminal matches the battery"s electrical state
because there was a gap in the circuit
they are all contained in the same closed path with a battery
because the paths were still in a closed circuit with the battery terminal
It is an open path.
the bulb only has one terminal connected
Because a closed circuit was formed.
A switch affects a bulb only on the same path
its not working
4, 5, and 6 are connected to the positive side
electrucal charge
Terminal 1 is connected to terminal 6 which is on the other side of the short circuit
because a chemical reaction inside the battery keeps the positive and negative terminals at different electrical states at all times.
positive connects to negative
seperate paths connected to the battery
Where there is a 0.0 volts. It finds the gap in the path.
Because terminal 1 is connected to the positive battery terminal
there is a separation between the bulbs and the negative battery terminal
terminal 2 is not connected to the positive terminal
the battery is not connected in the closesd path
because the positivebattery terminal is connected to terminal 6
gap in 6
Bulb A and Bulb B and the battery are in a closed path.
a damaged bulb will affect another bulb when they are contained by the same closed path.
battery and closed circuit
Measureing the difference in electrical states of the connections lets you pin point where the gap is happening in the system.
the switch will affect a bulb if it is on the same path as the bulb
battery must be contained in bulb
connected tpo positive sie= circuit complete
The voltage size is 0
if the path is open or closed
There has to be a battery.
the negative battery terminal is serperated  by a gap from terminal 6
The battery terminal is connected to terminal 6.
they are connected only to the negative side of the battery.
the bulb terminal and the battery terminal are separated by a gap
the circuit path A was on was still closed
What role does the path play in determining whether or not a switch affects a bulb?
There is a gap in the connection
bulb a is contained in a closed path with the battery
Because terminals 4, 5, and 6 are located closer to the positive terminal
if switches X and Z are closed it will complete the closed circuit for bulb A
the difference between the positive and negative terminals of a battery
There will be a gap in the path.
they are contained in the same path.
the negative battery terminal is not reaching terminal 6
The positive battery terminal is connected by a gap from terminal 6.
i"m not sure
it is the difference between the electrical states
circuits do not effect the electrical state between two terminals.
closed path, connected to a battery
they are still on a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and B are still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the bulb terminal has no gap and the bulb will light
bulb a and bulb c are contained in different paths with the bttery.
Because these terminals all had a reading of 0.0 volts
They were still contained in the path with the battery.
because bulb c is not included in the closed path
because there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 6.
the terminals are seperated
there is a gap between the bul and battery terminal.
Bulbs B and C are contained in the same path with the battery
The path will not be closed.
if bulb b is damaged there will be a gap in the path at that bulb
B and C are on different closed paths connected to the battery
Because terminal 3 is not connected to the positive terminal
Bulb A was in a closed circuit.
They are all within the same path.
There is a gap between the positive terminal and terminal 3
the distance between terminals
They were connected.
only switch Z is in bulb a"s closed path circuit
that is all
As long as X and Z are closed A will light
terminal 6 is conncted to the positive terminal
When switch X was closed and switch Y was open, why was bulb A on?
there is a closed path that contains bulb a and does not contain switch y
A damaged bulb does not create a gap in a closed path
terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal so the voltage reading is 1.5 V
they are located on the same path and will affect each other
voltage is the measure of electrical charges in a component.
bad
That it is a negative terminal.
because they aren"t connected
connection to a battery
a switch creates a closed circuit
if there is a voltage reading of non-zero it means that there is a change in the electrical states in the terminals.
terminals 1 and 6 are seperated by a gap
l
The light bulb is not in a closed path
The positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 6.
Bulbs B and C were still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the positive battery terminal and terminal 6 are connected.
the battery is connected to itself in a closed path
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 5.
Because bulb c created a gap so then it had both a positive and negative charge.
they are on their own clsosed circuits
Because they are not connected within the same terminal.
if the switch is contained within the same path.
You found the broken bulb.
there is a gap between the battery terminal and the bulb terminal.
you can determine is broken bulb is before a gap or after
the measurement of power of electricity
circuit 4 has no terminal to the bulb
Terminal 6 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
because there was two negative connections
Bulbs a and c are in separate paths.
It makes the circuit an incomplete path
There was a gap.
because it has another closed path it can use
Because they are on a pathway that is a closed circuit
Because it is the difference of the electrical state between the two battery terminals
Because they were contained in closed paths.
a closed path between battery and light bulb, with the positive going to the positive output from the battery to the positive side of the bulb, and the negative output from the battery to the negative side of the bulb.
becaudse the terminica;l circuit bulb sidshfklopc
bulbs b and c are in the same closed path with the battery
Because it creates a gap.
When one bulb burns out the rest burn out.
because bulb c burning out would not damage the complete circuit
the bulb is not connected to the positive connection.
Terminal 5 is connected to the postitive battery terminal
when it creates a gap in a certain path
no charge
because it changes the path from closed to open
because they are still connected to the battery
there is a gap between terminal 3 and the positive terminal
The are connected to the same closed path.
the difference is damaged
there is a path way connecting to a bulb and battery
because bulbs are connected to the negative terminal of the battery
It will locate the gap.
there is no gap between terminal 1 and the positive terminal.
if bulb B is damaged, the path will have a gap
Because terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4.
a damaged bulb creates a break in the circut
They are on the same paths.
It was separated by a gap by terminal 2.
because bulb a and b are still contained within a closed path with the battery
there is a gap caused by bulb A
because the path was not closed
There is a great connection between a bulb terminal and a battery terminal.
A and B are still in a closed pathway with the battery
because there is a positive and negative connections
bulbs a and c have their own closed paths
Because they are not damaged.
Because bulb C is not contained in a closed pathway.
same closed path
bulbs A and B are still in a closed path.
Closed path
bulb b is in a separate path.
the gap
Bulb A creates a gap in the path.
there is a gap, so the terminals are connected to the negative side of the battery.
switch y does not affect bulb A
there was a gap in the gap betweeen the battery and bulb c
they are connected to each other
Only if the damaged/burned out bulb creates a gap for the other bulbs and they are not contained in a closed path to the battery.
0
it can be either closed or open
It opens the path
a battery always has voltage unless it is damaged
They are still in a closed circuit
The electrical states of the bulb terminal and the battery terminal are the same.
The battery and light bulb are not contained in a close path
if bulb b is off there will be a gap in the path
terminal 1 is not connected to the positive terminal
The positive battery is separated by a gap with terminal 1.
bulb a was on a closed path
the bulb has no connection pathway
the paths are seperated
The negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 1 and 2
They are contained in different paths with the battery.
both terminals were connected to the negative terminal of the battery
the battery should connect to the bulb
the bulb must be in a closed circuit with a battery, with one bulb terminal connected to the negative battery terminal, and the other bulb terminal connected to the positive battery terminal.
It was a mistake. I looked at it wrong.
If bulb b is damaged, then the circuit will be incomplete.
when the switches are closed the path flows
the positive terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 4
if it is open
there was closed paths between the battery
the positive battery terminal is not separated from terminal 4.
bulb a is in a complete circuit with the battery when switch z is closed.
bulb b will not create a gap for bulb a and c
there is no gap between the terminals
the circuit is closed betweent the battery and the bulb and recieving electricity
when bulb b is damaged there is no complete circut
Bulb A and C are contained in a closed path with the  battery
the terminal is connected to the battery terminal with a gapp
terminal is connected to the battery
Because there is a bulb in one of the paths.
seperated by a gap
the blub is not in the same closed path as the battery
because the gap creates a difference in electrical states
gap in terminal
bulb A and switch Z are in a closed path
because switch Y did not affect bulb and and the battery closed path
because each bulb has its own pathway
The other terminals are not connected to the negative battery terminal.
current is present
battery is  in  a holder
they will still have a contained closed path
it creates a ga
there is a gap between the negative battery terminal and terminal 4.
They are different electrical states
because bulb C is not connected to switch z
positive battery terminal
On the same side
because it is connected to the positive terminal
closed path with battery
the measurement of the difference between two terminals
Because bulb a was contained in a closed path with the battery.
Terminal one is not connected to the positive battery terminal
there was a gap in bulb B
bulbs a and c are not in the same path of bulb b
stops charge
All the bulbs are on different closed paths connected to the battery.
If bulb c is damaged, bulb a and bulb b are still contained in a closed path with the battery
There will be a gap in the circuit.
the bulb is not conatined in a closed path
terminal 5 is connected to positive battery terminal
there is a closed path that contains the battery and bulb a and bulb b
because the the circuit is complete.
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery.
They are in separate paths.
terminal 1 is connected to a battery
Because bulb C is on it"s own pathway seperate from A and B with the battery
there is a path from bulb to battery
4 5 and 6 are not connected to negative battery terminal
if both bulbs are in the same path
there is a gap in the circuit
Because bulb a is not in the same path as switch Y
Switch Z is in the same path as Bulb C
Because the path between the battery and the light bulb is not closed
they are one the same negative
A terminal is connected to the positive battery terminal.
The path has to be closed in order for a switch to affect a bulb
switch z could be closed
The path contains the light bulb and the path is not closed.
Because it was contained in the battery that has a closed path
the measurment of power to a source of energy
the positive battery terminal and terminal 4 are connected
the terminal is connected to the negative terminal of the battery
there is a gap in the connection.
the swithch affects the bulb if it is on the same path
Both the battery and lightbulb in a closed circuit path
There is no gap in the circuit.
because they are on the same closed path
because B and C were still on a closed path with the battery
bulb a does not affect the other bulbs
Bulb A is not in the same path as Bulb B and Bulb C.
because they were still in a closed circuit with the battery
Both components need to be in closed paths.
Bulbs A and C are in the same closed path with the battery.
the battery isn"t working and is dead.
they are contained inthe same paths with the battery
Bulb a and switch Y are not in the same path.
because the terminals are not connected
gap in bulb b
Terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal and is in a different state than the positive battery terminal.
bulb b and bulb c are contained within a closed path
An incomplete circuit does not affect voltage.
bulbs a and c are seperate from bulb a
It was closest to the battery
There is a gap between terminal 1 and terminal 6.
they are contained on different paths with the battery
bulb A is in a closed path with the battery
if the path is closed, the bulbs will remain on.
bulb a was contained on a closed path with the battery
when the switch is on a closed path with the bulb
i did
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2.
There are no closed paths
If bulb B is damaged, there will be a gap.
when it disrupts a complete path
because bulbs B and C are contained in the same closed path
bulb b is in a closed path with the battery
because of the gap in bulb B
difference between the baterry and termnial
because bulbs A and C are not contained in the same closed paths
seperate circuits
burnt out bulbs have no voltage to effect there eletrical state.
because there was a gap in the pathway.
Bulb C and the battery are not contained in a closed pathway
It was still contained in a closed path with the battery.
because it creates a gap bewtween the battery and the other paths
bulb a is connected to 2 different paths and either one would light up a if they were closed
the terminal is connected to the battery
There was no gap between terminal 5 and the positive terminal.
removing a bulb will not affect another bulb
it was contained within a closed path
The positive battery terminal was not seperated by a gap from terminal 4.
because a difference in electrical states shows where the gap is
if bulb a is damaged, bulb c turns off.
The battery is short circuited.
The terminal is connected to the bulb
Terminal 1 is connected tot he positive terminal.
the paths aree on different terminals
Because the battery contains chemicals that differe in electrical states.
that the battery has created a short circut and is dangerous
that is where the gab is or the short circuit
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because it is not a closed circuit.
that creates a gap
the bulbs are on the same path
both bulbs are on the same path with the battery
the battery is not in the closed path
there is a gap between terminal 1 and terminal 4
the same paths that are parralell to one another
there isn"t a closed path of the battery
the current cannot pass an open switch
Because the current can not reach the bulb if the circuit is open.
the bulb is connected to the positive and negative terminals of the battery
circuit 2 is a short circuit
your an idiot
there would be a gap in the circuit
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are connected to each other.
if two bulbs are contained in the same path the damaged bulb affects the other bulb
Because there is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal
bulb a and c are contained in different paths with the same battery
There is no gap between the positive terminal and terminal 5
the battery is not contained in the circuit
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6.
If the bulb is on the same closed path
it opens the closed path of the battery
Becuase bulb a was a part of a complete circut.
they are containe din different closed paths with a battery
Terminal five is connected to the positive battery terminal.
Bulb B and Bulb C are contained in the same pathway
Bulb B and bulb C are contained in different path with the battery
because there is a gap in the connection between terminal 1 and terminal 6
there was a gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 2.
the terminals are not connected to eachother
Bulb A and C still had a closed path with the battery.
Bulb A and C will still be contained in a closed path with the battery
bulb a is in a closed path. switch y does not affect bulb a
bulb a doesn"t affect bulb b or c
The positive terminal and terminal 1 read 1.5 V because the difference across the terminals is 1.5 V
because the positive terminal is separated with a gap from terminal 1
switch y is not on the same path to battery
Because they remain in a closed circuit
Because there is a gap in the circuit.
The path to the battery must be closed, so the switch must be closed in order for the bulb to be on.
The battery and the bulb must be in a closed path together.
both battery terminals connect to just one bulb terminal
bulb c does not create a gap in the path for bulb b and a
terminal connected to positive charge
Terminal 4 is connected to the positive battery terminal.
It has its own path connected to the battery
Bulb X was still contained in a closed path withy the batteyr
BECAUSE THEY AREN"T DAMAGED.
the bulb terminals are connected to the battery terminal
bulb a and bulb c were still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A is not on the same path as bulbs B and C, but bulbs B and C are on the same path
terminals 1,2, and 3 are in the same state as the negative battery terminal because they have the same size difference in electrical states.
We switched the terminals around.
terminals 1 and 2 are not seperated by a gap
because bulb a is in a closed path with the battery.
Bulb B and C were still contained in a closed path with tthe battery
there is a gap at terminal 1
because terminal 1 had both a positive and negative charge.
Bulb A, bulb B, and bulb C are contained in different closed paths.
Terminal 2 had a 0.00 V.
the difference in charges of two terminals
can complete the path by having z be closed
A terminal of the bulb is contained within the closed path.
a short circuit
The positive batery terminal is connected to terminal 6.
They terminals are connected to each other.
Because there was a gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 2.
if a a bulb is out on the some path as another bulb than the bulb is also out
before the gap
a damaged bulb does not make a connecton so the circut is not complete
the battery is not on a closed path
they are teh begning and end of the path
They are not connected to the negative terminal
the battery terminals are not connected to one another
The damaged bulb creates a gap in the path.
the difference between 2 terminals.
for the path that only contains bulb A it doesnt matter if the other 2 are on or off. for the second path both B and C share a path so if one goes out so does the other, but bulb A does not effect them.
if a path has an open ciricuit, all bulbs on the path will be off
voltage is the difference between tow terminals.
If it is in the same path as the bulb.
terminal 6 is connected to terminal 1
bulb c is not in the same path of bulbs a and b.
they are seperated by a gap
the terminals were connected to the positive terminals of the battery
Bulb A has a closed pathway
because they are flipped
because each bulb has its own complete path
that  there is no difference in electrical states of the two terminals
If the switch is in the same path
bulb A is on a closed path with the battery. Bulb A is not affected by bulbs B or C. Bulbs B and C are on the same path. They affect one another. Bulbs B and C are not affected by bulb A.
Bulb B and C were in a closed path with a battery
They have the same electrical state.
i give up.
circuit 4 does not contain a closed path and cannot be a short circuit.
Switch Y was not on the path of bulb A.
The bulb is contained in a path with an open switch
has to do something with a gap
voltage is the difference between states
Because neither components are in closed paths.
Bulb C is contained in a different path then bulb A
Terminal 4, terminal 5 and terminal 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal.
it is not contained in a closed path.
the bulb is not contained in a closed path.
opened path
Because terminal 1 had no gap.
Bulb A and Bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery.
The path determines if the bulb will turn on or not
If buld B is damaged that will create a gap.
They are both on the same closed path as the battery.
because switch y is not conatined in the closed path of bulb a and the battery.
It still has a connect path between bulb a and c and the battery.
the battery is not in a closed circuit
The open switch makes the circuit incomplete.
no fuck you
Terminal 1 is not connected to the positive battery terminal.
if the bulb is non- zero that means it is not burned out
there is always voltage even if there is a gap
when bulb A burned out, bulb b and c were still contained in a closed path with the battery. When bulb b burned out, only bulb A was still contained in a closed path with the battery. When bulb c burned out, only bulb a was still contained in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A is contained in the circuit.
the two components are seperated.
if the bulb is contained in a closed path with a switch
measuring voltage checks for connections and gaps. It measures the electrical states between two terminals.
voltage is the differance between the 2 terminals of a batter"s state
the bulb in burned out
because the path has to be open
There will be a gap.
?
bulb b and bulb b are still in a closed path with the battery.
bulb a, bulb b, and bulb c are contained in differentclosed paths.
there is a gap at that terminal, and the terminals are not connected at that point.
the battery still holds the electrical charge if there is an incomplete circuit.
because they were in a closed path with the battery
the positive and the negative sides of the battery are separated by the gap
Bulb B is in a separate path
wow
Because bulb A is on a different path than bulbs B and  C
if they are in the same path all the bulbs will go out
there is a gap between the two of them
when there is a open path
There has to be a closed circuit battery.
the terminal is connected to the damaged bulb
The terminals are not connected
Explain why you got a voltage reading of 1.5 for terminal 1 and the positive terminal.
there will be a gap in the path.
Bulb C was off when switch Z was oped because switch Z created a break in the path. The path was no longer closed.
the currunt is blocked off
because they are connected to the negative battery terminal
the termials are the oppsite
The battery in  2 is not on a closed pathway.
the difference in batteries
The positive battery terminal is a closed path from terminal 4.
The difference in charge between the two terminals
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are not separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
When it is on the same closed path with the battery.
there is not a complete path involving both battery terminals
Because the battery is connected to the path of the bulb
They are not contained on the same path
dont know
it is not in the same path with the bulb and battery
there is a gap in the circuit. terminals 1,2, and 3 are connected to the negative terminal of the battery. terminals 4,5, and 6 are connected to the positive terminal of the battery
Burned out bulb B will cause a gap in the closed path.
it is not in a closed path
because the voltage was 0 and there is a gap between 3 and 4
the amount of power a battery emits
you can close switch Z and it will have light
it was a closed path
Because B and C were in closed paths.
When the bulb and switch are contained in the same path.
wired in same path
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are connected
If bulb B is damaged there is a gap in the circuit
the positive battery terminal is not connected to terminal 1.
they are in the same path
it is connected to the battery
ARE ALL ON SEPARATE PATHS
because it can travel by bulb c
Not contained in a closed path
the battery is in a closed path, but does not contain a bulb
bulbs b and c were in a closed path with the battery
What do you think the red X means?
They are still in path with battery
voltage is the difference between positive and negative
if bulb B is damaged there will be a gap in the curcuit
Becuae they are connected to the negative terminal
effects the connection from battery to bulb
bulbs will be affected by switches that are in the path
connection to a switch
when the switch is the in a closed path with the bulb
There is a gap between the bulb and the battery terminal.
Because the battery is out of the closed path completely.
the terminals went from being connected to not being connected to eachother
The battery is in a closed path, not connected to the light bulb.
The positive battery terminal is separtated by a gap from terminal 2
I think that it means that the battery is damaged
battery, switch, bulb
damaging one turns off the other
there is not difference in eletcrical states
because it opens the circuit, therefore the circuit is not closed
how so?
no, i"m right!
because the battery isn"t in a closed path on its own
Bulb C was in an incomplete path
if it is in the path to the battery
It breaks the closed path.
same reason as 2
not contained in a closed path
Because bulb A is connected to another path.
terminal 4 is connected to the positive battery
because the positive terminal is connected to terminal 6
If one bulb is burns out, then they all stop
it was connected to a positive battery terminal
That there is a gap in the terminals.
difference in electrical states of terminals
bulb b and c are contained in the same closed path.
The measurement of voltage will determine if there is a gap in the connection of electrical states.
They are contained in separate closed path.
bulb a and bulb c are still in a closed [ath with the battery.
there is no connectivity
Bulb A will create a gap in the path
Because they are on different parts
if bulb A burns out
Bulb C is in a separate path
positive connected to negative terminal
the path is not closed
a terminal is cnnected to the positive terminal
Bulb A is on a seperate path than bulb B and bulb C. Bulb A will not affect bulb B and bulb C. Bulb B and bulb C will affect each other.
terminal 6 is connected to positive battery terminal
They have the same voltage
Beccause the bulb is in a closed path not the battery.
0.0
bulb a and switch z are in their own closed path excluding switch y
switch z effects bulb C
if it is contained in the same path as the bulb and the battery.
Bulbs B and C will still be on their own completed circuts.
because the broken bulb created a gap not allowing the current to flow through both.
There are 2 different paths in this diagram
when it is open
There is no connection between the bulb terminal and the battery terminal.
there is still a closed path that contains the battery, bulb a, and bulb c
they were in a closed path with the battery
they affect one another
A light bulb is attached to the battery.
the terminals are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
If the switch and the bulb are in the same path.
The batery is not contained in a closed path
There is no closed path in diagram 4
open switch and broken bulb are the same
Bulbs B and C are still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Terminal 1 is connected to terminl 4.
if there is a difference in electrial states there won"t be a complete connection
the battery is not connected correctly
The battery will have a different electrical state than the circuit
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery that does not affect bulb b or bulb c.  bulb b and bulb c are on the same path and affect one another when bulb b or bulb c is out
There is not a connection between a bulb terminal and a battery terminal.
because 1.5 v minus 0 v equals 1.5 v
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed circuit containing the battery
circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not in a closed path.
bulb b and c will not be in a closed path with the battery
terminal 6 is connected to postive terminal of battery
Bulbs are contained in the path
closed circuit with a battery
the bulb is not contained in a closed path
It was connected.
Because switch Y was open and bulb C is not ina closed path with the battery
bulb a is in a closed path with the battery
If it is in a path with the bulb and battery
that the bulb terminal and battery terminal are on the same side of a disconnected circut
bulb a creates a gap
Because Bulb C is not on a closed path.
if switch x is open
there is still a closed path
Why does an open switch impact a circuit?
the bulb may be damaged
bulb c was not connected to the battery.
it blocks the flow of electricity
Because they are connected along the same path
bulb a and bulb c still had a complete path to the battery
idk
the bulb terminal is connected to the battery terminal
there wasnt a gap
a switch creates a closed path
There was a closed circuit
a large one, if it is closed it will light up but if it is open it will not
be cause there is an electrical connection
gap in the path to the battery
if the damaged/ burned out bulb is in a path with another bulb and the battery, then the damaged/ burned out bulb will turn the other bulb off.
There is no closed path.
because the positive battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 2
if there is a gap in the path of the battery and the bulb
terminal 5 is connected ot the positive battery terminal
If the burnt-out bulb is on the same path to the battery
Because it was still connected to the battery terminal.
because voltage is the difference in electrical states between two terminals.
bulbs A and C are on different paths with the battery
Because Bulb C is not contained on the path of the other bulbs
if a damaged bulb is on the same closed path to the battery as another bulb, the other bulb will not turn on
A is on a different path from B and C. When B is out it will affect C not A and when A is out if will not affect B or C because it is on a different path which still is contained in the same path as the battery
bulb b and c are in a closed path
the voltage of a battery is the result of chemical reactions within the battery
im not sure how to
BULB A IS NOT IN THE SAME PATH AS BULB B AND BULB C.
there is still a closed path for bulb A and B
The battery is not alone in the path
the gap in terminal 2 is postive
the blub is not contained in the same closed path as the battery
A closed path with a battery and a bulb.
terminal 3 and the positie terminal are not connected.
there was no gap between terminal 1 and the negative battery terminal.
if it is closed and contained in the same closed path with the battery
The amount of charge.
terminal 6 is connected to postive end of battery and the voltage meter
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
Bulb C could not turn on because there was a gap in it"s path
closed paths from the battery
Terminal 1 and the positive battery terminal are in different electrical states
because bulbs b and c are on a closed path with the battery
bulb A was still in a closed circuit
I am not sure
there is no short circuit to the battery.
bulb a and bulb c were still contained in a closed path with the battery.
there is one path though bulb a and a second path through bulb b and c. The two paths are independent from one another. If one bulb goes out in one of the path it only affect the bulbs within that same path
It createad a gap in the circuit.
bulb c does not create a gap
the bulb is on a different path
because they are in a series, because a closed circuit acts together.
because only one of the bulb terminals is bad.
The positive battery terminal is seperated from the negative battery terminal
There will be a gap at one point in time and there will be a voltage decrease so you know.
The terminals are connected to a damaged bulb.
terminal 4 and the negative ternimal are not connected.
Why didn^t bulbs A and C go out after bulb B burned out?
battery  terminals match the bulb terminals
damaged bulb b creates a gap
same path with the battery
because bulb b and c still are contained within a closed path of the battery
Tells you that there is a gap
voltage is the difference in electrical states between two terminals of a circuit
There was a positive battery terminal.
Because there was a gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1.
bulb c is not on the same path as bulb a or bulb b
because they are within different paths
there was a negavtive gap
they are in a series of connections with the battery
Because the battery is connected to the bulb
there is no closed path
Voltage is the charge given when two terminals are connected.
Switch Z made a gap in teh circuit
bulb b did not create a gap in the path for bulb b or c
Because it opens the connection
It was separted by a gap.
Bulb was damanged when reading was zero, if the reading moves to 1.5, it means you are now at a point in the circuit or path in which there is no gap and the voltage reading is giving the difference in electrical state of the battery
Under what circumstances will a damaged/ burned out bulb affect another bulb?
they are in different path
the bulbs are contained in diffrent closed pathes.
there is no gap in the path
because a and b are in a closed circuit still
Bulb C had a gap in the path with the battery
because bulbs b and c are in a closed path with the battery.
the electrical state difference between the battery"s two terminals
The terminal 1 is connected to terminal 2
the bettery is contained in the terminal
Bulb B and C are on different closed paths containing the battery
the amount of volts
the relationship between the path and the bulb has to be closed
the measurement between the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals of a battery
terminals are connected
Difference between the electrical state of the two ends of the battery
when the switch is connected between the bulb and the battery
they are on a closed path
both bulbs were still on a closed path connected to the battery
bulb c is contained in an open path and not connected to the battery
The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
because the battery is not connected to itself
there is a gap.
damaged bulb a creates a gap
it was in a closed path with a battery
does not work
There must be a closed path, and an open switch makes it not closed.
the electrical state will be different in the gap
You can find where there is a gap
because there is no gap between the positive and negative terminal
a and c are in a closed path with the battery
because an open switch creates a gap.
the voltage is the difference between the electrical state of the terminals.
same path to the battery
bulb C and A are contained in the same path with the battery
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
The difference betweej two terminals that are not connected
there is a closed path to the battery
because Y created gap to the positive battery
because it was contained in same path as the battery
because they have the same voltage
is the difference in electrial stat between terminals
If B burns out there will still be closed paths for the other 2
because bulb b and c are in the same closed path with the battery
Bulb A has a closed path directly to the battery, so the state of B/C doesn"t affect it. Bulbs B and C are on the same closed path to the battery, so if one goes out, it interrupts the other"s path to the battery.
Both Terminals of the bulb must be connected in a circuit with a battery
it creates a gap in the circuit
because bulb a is not in the same path as bulb b and c
It turns off all the bulbs.
The difference between the two ends of the battery
The battery and bulb are not in a closed path.
The positive bettery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2.
beacuse they are connected to a positive batter terminal
What is voltage?
Bulb B and bulb C are contained within the same path with the battery
the positive terminal is connected to the bulb
if bulb a burns out it does not make a gap in the closed path for bulb b or c.
same path
a battery"s negative and positive connection to the light bulb.
Explain why circuit 4 is not a short circuit.
They are contained in a close pathway
the terminals have gone from being connected to each other to not being connected to each other - there is a gap
The current has shorted out the battery.
if two bulbs are on the same path and one of them s out then both bulbs are out
1 is connected to terminal 2.
If it remains a closed path.
switch x is not in the same path of bulbs b and c.
positive and negative charge
battery always has voltage
because the cheminal reaction of the volatge is there wther or not there is an incomplete circuit
Bulb B and bulb C are in a closed path with the battery.
it cuts the flow of electricity
a chemical reaction between terminals
This not a closed path.
They are on separate paths.
there is no gap between terminal 4 and the positve battery terminal
it creates a gap int he circuit.
voltage is the difference in electrical states between two terminals, so a gap or a connection in a circuit can be determined by the voltage.
because of the gap that bulb B created
they were on a closed pat
The first bulb will necessarilly subsequent bulbs.
it will cut off the circuit
difference in eletricity
Bulbs A and B have their own paths.
because it is not in the closed path with bulb a
open path
Damaging Bulb A would disrupt the closed path with the battery.
Bulb A"s path didnt go through switch Y
There was no gap between the positive battery and terminal 4
no gaps
It shows the difference in electrical states where there are connections and gaps
terminal connected to negative
bulbs b and c are contained in the same closed path.
if there is a gap in the path
a switch is contained in the path
The terminals are in the same state.
bulbs b and c were still contained in a closed path with the battery
because there is a gap between terminal two and the positive battery terminal
terminal one is seperated from terminal six
voltage is the amount of electrical charge within a component.
because the bulb b is damaged and is connected to the terminal
a and c are still contained in a closed path with the battery.
they both connected to the negative terminal
there is a gap in the closed circuit seperating bulb c from the negative terminal when switch z was open.
They are on the same path
Terminal 4 has a gap.
A battery connected to a bulb on both sides in a closed circuit.
the buld circuit is closed
Switch Z can be closed instead
if it is not connected the electrical current can"t pass through to connect the other bulbs.
the negative battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4.
it helps you locate where the damanged bulb is by telling you where there is a difference in electrical states and where there isn"t
Because they had voltage and were connected to the positive battery terminal.
there is not a gap in the connection
That the battery does not work.
positive battery seperated by gap from terminal 1
don"t know
The bulb terminal is not connected to the battery terminal.
Because the bulb is not longer in a closed circuit
Terminal 4 was only connected to the positive terminal
A bulb with an open switch in it"s path cannot turn on.
To make a bulb light up, there has to be a battery.
the voltage is 1.5 because he bulb terminal is connected to the battery terminal.
a terminal is connected to differenet states
There is always a difference in voltage between two battery terminals.
C would not create a gap for A or B
1s connected to 6
when it is containe dby the same path with the battery
there is a gap in the circuit where there is a damaged bulb
the battery is contained in a closed path
because
there is a gap between terminal one and two and the positive battery terminal
x has to be closed. Y is not in the same path
There is still a conection to the battery
if the switch is in a closed path with the lightbulb it must be closed for the lightbulb to be on
switch is closed to make a closed path
the terminal is connected to the other battery terminal
It means that the battery will not work
Bulb A has its own path so no bulb will affect it.  But Bulb B and Bulb C are on the same path so if one goes out the other will too.
bulb a and bulb c are on different closed paths
the path must bring the voltage to the bulb.
I"m not sure.
Because they were connected to the same thing.
because terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal
the voltage of the battery does not depend on the components in a curcuit. It depends on a chemical reaction.
If bulb C is damaged, there is still a closed path with the battery.
bulb a and b will be on.
The difference between the terminals.
beacuse it was in a closed path with the battery
As you move the multimeter leads from one bulb terminal to the next, what does it mean when the voltage reading jumps from 0 to 1.5?
gaps
because it was connected to the positive terminal.
Because the positive circuit has a voltage of 1.5 volts.
gap in circuit at bulb B causes the voltage reading to be 0
If the bulb is on the same pathway as the switch
B and C are on the same path so each one affects the other. A is own its own path so it will not affect the others
when switch z was closed bulb a was in a complete curcuit
If the bulb and the swtich are contained in the same path, then the switch affects the bulb.
Terminal 1 is not connected to the positive terminal.
that the bulb between those terminals is damaged
the positive battery terminal is separarted by a gap from terminal 3.
The two terminals of a battery will always have different electrical states due to a chemical reaction inside the battery
if bulb a is damaged bulb b and bulb c are no longer in a closed path with the battery.
Terminal 1 was not connected to the negative terminal.
Because they are not on the same closed path.
because bulb a and b are not contained in a closed path with bulb c
positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 6
Because there are not gaps in the system from  the - to the bulb then from there  to terminal 3 and the + of the battery.
bulb C is on a different path
The gap causes a difference in electrical states.
bulbs a and b are not in a closed path with bulb c
bulbs A and C are not on the same closed path.
Bulb A is contain in a closed path
because of the gap
the bulb is contained in a cloed path with the battery
and the circut is closed
The voltage does not change.
the path must be closed.
the battery is contained on a closed path with no components
The switch is contained in the pathway of the bulb and the battery
Voltage is the difference in electrical states between a bulb terminal and a battery terminal.
bulbs b anc c are on the same closed path with the battery but seperate from bulb a
a battery must be present and a closed circuit
A burned out bulb indicates a gap in the connection between opposite ends of the battery terminals
connect to the terminal
there was a gap
they will still have a direct closed path
if the path is connected to an open switch, the bulb will be off.
because a battery always has voltage
That is basically what I said sir.
a is in the same path
Bulb B and C were in a closed path with the battery
Explain why you got a voltage reading of 0 for terminal 5 and the positive terminal.
There is another path through Switch Z
Because the bulb is connected correctly.
they are in the same closed path but not next to each other
If A is out B and C not affected because they are still connected to the battery. If B is out C is also out because they are both contained in the same path. Same goes for C if C is out B is out because they are in the same path.
if the bulb and the switch are contained by a closed path then the switch affects the bulb.
The battery must be connected to the bulb
a full circut that conects at both terminals of the battery and at both terminals of the lightbulb
it checks the electrical state between two terminals.
A bulb in a closed path is not affected if the switch is closed.
bulbs b and c are contained in the same path with the battery.
There is a bulb connected to the battery terminal.
the switch has to be located within a closed path for the bulb to go on
The battery is not closed in a closed path.
Because they all are receiving voltage from positive terminal.
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are connected to the negative terminal of the battery
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 1
What does a voltage reading of 1.5 tell you about the connection between a bulb terminal and a battery terminal?
the battery is  not contained in a closed path
both bulbs a and c are contained in a closed path
The positive terminal is not seperated from the gap
It is attatched to the correct side.
bulbs will be affected by switches that are in the path to the battery
Bulb B and C are still contained in a path with the battery
bulb a creates a gap in teh circuit.
Bulb A and bulb b are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Bulbs A and B will still be contained in a closed path with the battery.
they are in a closed circuit
because the negative current can transfer through switch z
bulb a is in a closed path
The path contains the light bulb and it is not closed.
An open switch interrupts the flow of the current.
The bulb and the battery are connected
The battery is contaied in a closed path without another component.
bulb a is contained in a closed circuit
Voltage is how much energy is going on inside a battery.
Bulb B and C are in a different path
a battery and a lightbulb that are connected at both terminals to one another
because terminal is connected to the negative terminal
because the positive battery terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 4
not a closed path
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on a battery.
terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulb a does not affect bulb b and bulb c. bulb b and bulb c are on their own path with the battery.
voltage is the diffrence in electrical states.
Bulb C is not connected to the battery.
the battery wont work
terminal 1 is seperate from terminal 4
the difference in the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals of a battery
the negative battery terminal is connected to terminal 4
because bulbs B and C were still in a closed path with the battery.
the battery does not work
the terminal will be cloesd
and they are in the same state
they all have 0 volts.
Because the meter was hooked up to two sides of the battery.
Bulbs B an C will still be contained in a closed path to the battery.
because it can show you where the gap is by measuring different terminals
Matching the positive charge with the right charge.
The battery is damaged.
The bulb is not in the closed path
Bulbs A and C will still be on closed paths with the battery
because neither of them are recieving current
positive battery is seperated by a gap from terminal 2
if  bulb a is damaged, bulb c is not affected.
they are separated by a gap.
The gap causes terminal 1 to have a negative battery characteristic which is different compared  to the positive battery terminal
there is still a closed path that contains the battery and bulb a and bulb b
because bulb a had a seperate closed path from b. bulb c had a seperate closed path from bulb b.
terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal.
because the bulb is in a closed path
because they are both still contained in a closed path with the battery
because x and z could be closed and it will work.
Because it didn"t cause a gap
the terminal is connected to postive end of battery
the switch is contained in a path and then it is contained in a closed cercuit
they are on the same apth
because it measures the difference in electrical states between two gaps
terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal of the battery
a battery uses voltage
It is in a closed path
because they will still be contained within a closed path with the battery
bulb a and bulb c are not on the same path as bulb B
a measurement of electricity
terminal 2 has a gap
fuck you
That the battery will not function
that the battery needs a path to be connected
the terminal is connected to a closed path
the positive terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 4
Because there was a gap
The bulb and battery must be contained in closed paths.
the positive terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 3
If it is a part of a circut that contains a bulb and a battery.
a damaged/ burned out bulb will affect another bulb if they are contained in the same path.
because they are still in a closed circuit
contained in the same circuit not connected to the opposite terminal
a voltage with a closed circuit
a damaged bulb does not complete the circut.
if they are along the same path
It stops the flow of electricity.
turning off a bulb will not turn off another bulb because they will still be in a closed path with the battery
bulbs a b and c are on seperate paths
terminal 5 is connected ot the positive battert terminal
Terminal 3 and the positive battery terminal are in different electrical states
a battery is in a constant state of electricity
must be connected to the battery
closed path
Battery will always have voltage.
Because switch Z puts a gap in the circuit.
if bulb b is damaged, it creates a gap in the circuit.
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery. if bulb b or c is damaged, it creates and open path for bulbs b and c
the value of measurement indicates if the bulb is burned out
If Bulb A is out it does not affect the other bulbs because it is on a different path.  If either B or C is out both B and C will be out but A will not be because Bulb A is not on the same path with Bulb B or C
bulb c and switch z are in the same closed path
the battery should connect to the bulb at different terminals
A red X means the battery is in a short circuit.
A switch creates a break in the closed path.
terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because bulb a and b are in a closed path
Because there was closed paths from the battery to the bulb
Becuase the + was making  contact with terminal 1, closing the battery"s circuit.
bulb b and c are still in a closed path with the battery.
1.50v
each terminal has an electrical state and when there is a gap the electrical state changes which shows which bulb is damaged.
the bulb is in the path of the circuit
When one bulb is out the others can still work because of the additional connections in the circuit path.
terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal
potential difference between 2 terminal
Because terminal 1 was hooked u to the positive terminal which is automatically 1.5 V
the positive battery  terminal has no gaps from terminal 4
becuase bulb C is on it"s own pathway.
the battery is not connected to itself
the terminals form a closed path
when they are on the same path
Bulb A is on it"s own path with the battery. Bulb B and C are contained on the same path with the battery, so if one goes out then both go out.
creates a gap
a terminal is connected to the opposite battery terminal
If they are on the same pathway
there is no gap seperating the positive battery terminal from terminal 6
Bulb C was in the path of the opened switch
The battery is not in a clossed path.
B and C are in the same path
switch z is contained in a closed path with bulb a and the battery
they are on diiferent paths
because the path was closed
because if there is a difference in electrial states then there is a gap. That will located the burned out bulb
terminal batter is connected to 4
there is a gap between terminal 6 and a positive battery terminal
Bulbs are contained in an open path.
when the damaged bulb creates a gap in another bulb"s circuit path.
the terials are different
because bulb a and c were still in a closed path with the battery.
The bulbs were connected and now they are not.
Both the light bulb and battery must be in a closed path.
A IS ON ITS ON PATH B AND C SHARE A PATH
Each bulb is contained in their own path.
they are wired on different closed paths
Through bulb A, bulb B is still contained in a closed path to the battery.
There is no path through bulb B
the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 6 making the voltage 0
both bulbs B and C are in the same path as bulb A
Bulb C did not have a closed path. there was a gap
because bulbs a and b are still contained in a closed path with the battery.
It must be in a closed path.
because bulb a is damaged
because bulb a is not in the path of switch y
Because a damaged bulb will have a gap.
the terminals are the same
battery and bulb
bulb c was still contained in a closed path with the battery. bulb b was still contained in a closed path with the battery.
a closed path between the positive side of the battery and the negative side of the battery and the bottom of the bulb and the side of the bulb.
circuit was complete until gap
it is a open circuit
They are contained in the same closed path, so if one bulb goes out so do the others.
theya re connectted by another bulb
bulb c was contained in an open path with the battery
The bulb has to be in the same closed path as the battery which is connected to the switch.
There is no difference in electrical states.
the battery is bad
Bulbs A and C were still on closed paths with the battery
Because bulbs A and C are still contained in a closed path to the battery.
that it is connected to the positive terminal
bulbs and c are not contained in the same closed path.
The open switch was in the path.
terminal positive after gap
contained in different paths with the battery
they are still on closed paths with the battery
because the two ends of the battery do not connect to one another
They are on the same pathway as the battery
bulb a and c are still contained in closed paths with the battery
it was not in a complete circuit
There is still a closed path that contains the battery, Bulb B, and Bulb C.
the terminal is connected to the positive battery terminal
Because they all are reading that they have 0.00 voltage.
open switch creates a gap in the path
1 2 and 3 are on thnegative side
there is none
terminals 4,5, and 6 are connected to the positive terminal
an electrical surge
difference in electrical state between two terminals
terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal of the battery and has 0 v, and the positive terminal of the battery has 1.5 v.
voltage is the diffrence between states.
the red x means short circuit
the bulb is not contained in the path
bulb b is not in the same path with bulbs a and c.
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery
If switch x and switch z are closed, bulb A is in a closed path with the battery.
i forgot
neither bulb b or bulb c will be contained on a closed path
Because it was not connect to the negative end of the terminal
the battery and the bulb must be on a closed path.
circuit 2 has a bulb on a closed path
They are all on the same path.
a bulb is contained in a closed path with a battery
The path must be closed and contain the battery
because it was on a closed path
Both terminals of the battery is not connected.
positve battery terminal
there are two independent paths.only the components within the same path effect each other
bulb a and bulb c are not in the same closed path
There is a gap after bulb B.
i give up
I"m not sure
because bulb a can still be in a closed path with the battery if switch z is closed and switch x is closed
switch y is not in the same path as bulb a.
the terminals in the battery will have an electrical state and chemical reaction that will continuously flow.
a battery and a connection
because they are not in the same pathway as bulb b.
bulbs a and b are contained in their own closed path
The gap seperates the positive and negative charges
bulbs a and b are still contained in a closed path with the battery.
1 has no gap
Bulbs A and B are contained in closed paths with the battery
Bulb B and bulb C are still in closed circuits.
When switch is open it creates a gap in the path.
it causes a gap
there is not a gap between terminal 1 and terminal 2.
Switch Y was in a dfferent path
Terminal 1 was connected to a positive terminal 6.
if they are on the same closed path as the battery
the terminal is connected
they are not connected.
bulb a and c are contained in a closed path with the battery
if a switch is not in a bulbs closed circuit then it will not affect the bulb
the bulb causes a gap
if the damaged bulb is on the same closed path with the battery
The terminals are connected to different terminals of the battery
the terminals are not connected - there"s a gap
because the battery always has a voltage unless it"s dead
bulbs b and c will no longer be in closed paths with the battery.
the battery is in a closed path. there are no other components in the closed path.
the terminals are not connected to each other.
they each have their own closed paths
Bulb A, B, and C are contained in different closed paths.
voltage is the difference in the electrical states between two terminals.
because switch x can be closed and y can be open and A will light
Because it didn"t get he negative current.
Well, it will have a voltage of zero, if that"s what you are asking.
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
because a and b are in series and a and c are in parallel
In this diagram, there are two separate closed paths. One path is bulb a and the battery. The other path is bulb b, bulb c and the battery. One path does not affect the other.
terminal is connected to battery and bulb will light
Switch X can still form a closed path
on seperate circuits
since there is a gap
There is voltage.
Under what circumstances will a switch affect a bulb?
there is no closed path in circuit 4.
the posiive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2
Terminal 6 and the positive battery terminal are connected
because switch x is open.
I have no idea
bulbs a and c affect each other.
closed circuits
it has a battery
They are contained in the same path. If one bulb goes out it will affect the other ones.
if it leaves a gap in the path with the battery
Bulb c is on a seperate pathway from A and b which are still connected to the battery.
bulbs a and b are still contained in closed paths with the battery.
bulb is damaged
terminals 1,2, and 3 are in the same state as the negative battery terminal because each has an equal difference in electrical states
complete circuit
Its connected to the positive terminal
the closed path contains bulb A, bulb B, bulb C, and a battery.
the terminals are connected
They will not be on because it will cause a gap.
because a battery always has a chemical reaction, positive or negative
When a switch, a battery, and a bulb are in a closed circuit.
it was not contained in a closed path with the battery
Because it can go through switch Z
because it can have complete circuit if Zis closed and Y is open
that the battery will not work
brings he flow of electricity
terminal 1 is not connected to the positive battery terminal
because it had a complete circuit with no gaps to the battery
bulb b and c are on a  closed path with the battery
not connected to positive battery
if bulb C is damaged, bulb A and bulb B are still in a closed path with the battery.
They still have their own closed paths
because that created a closed circuit
terminal 2 was connected to the negative terminal
the gap in the circuit causes the circuit to be an open circuit
a full circut connected at both terminals of both components .
Bulb C had an open path with the battery
The batter is not in a closed loop with no other components.
bulb b did not create a gap in the path for bulb a and c
It cuts the current from the battery
Because the two terminals are connected
Bulb A, bulb B, and bulb C each have their own closed path with the battery.
the path must be closed in order for the bulb to be lit
They are on the opposite side of the damaged bulb.
terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal
Why do you think those terminals and the negative battery terminal are in the same state?
the battery alone is in a closed path
k
there is a gap between teh positive battery terminal and terminal 4.
bulb A will not affect bulbs B and C because B and C are still contained within the same path as the battery.
because they are connected to the positive end
they all affect each other
If Z is closed, A is still part of a complete circut.
C does not effect the others, their paths are still closed
Bulbs b and c were in a closed path with a battery.
If the path contains is closed with a battery, the bulb will light up.
there will be voltage where there is a gap, and the gap is where the bulb is burnt out
they are no on same pathway
only the components within the same path effect on another
Bulbs A and C were still contained on closed paths with the batery
they are in a line on the same closed path
it breaks the closed circuit
because they are on separate paths than B is
negative to positive terminals
bulb a and bulb b are still in a closed path with the battery.
The bulbs aren"t codependent so they will still be on
The difference between two terminals
there is a gap between them
the battery is not in a closed bath alone
an incomplete circuit would not effect the the electrical state between the terminals.
there is still a closed path to the battery for bulbs b and c
the path will have a gap
Without A, there"s no closed path
the positive terminal and terminal 2 are seperated by a gap
because of the seperate closed paths, one bulb being burned out doesn"t affect the others.
there was no gap
bulb a and b are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Because a damaged bulb has a gap.
The battery has been damaged or does not work
bulb is contained in closed path
bulb a affects bulb c
they are connected to the positive terminal
Bulb A is in a closed path with the battery
The battery is only connected to one side of the bulb, and the blub is not contained in a closed path.
the bulbs are on separate paths
They were contained in a closed path
There is still a closed path for bulb A and B
bulbs a, b, and c are all in the same path.
The connection could be between a positive or negative battery terminal.
gap in 5
Bulb A, Bulb C, and the battery are in a closed path.
circuit has nothing to do with the batteries voltage
Each bulb affects the other bulbs
volatge is the diffrence in electrical state between two terminals.
that they are not connected
Why does a damaged bulb impact a circuit?
Because neither of the components are connected to themselves.
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4
bulb B is not in the same pathway as bulbs A and C
it was in a closed path
terminal 5 is connected to the positive terminal
If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulb a will burn out with bulb C
a component to the battery
nooyutgyhjiko
Because they are connected to the positive terminal.
Because bulb B is damaged and does not allow the positive battery current to reach the other side.
It is being attatched to the wrong side.
if switch and bulb are contained in the same closed path
i said bulbs a and c are linked to the battery!
because switch z can be closed
When switch X was open and switch Y was closed, why were bulbs B and C on?
They are both connected to the negative battery terminal.
by measuring voltage you can find where the gap is by checking the electrical states of each bulb and its voltage. If it is connected it will have volts if it is not then it will have none.
they will still have direct contained path
bulb a is not in the same path of bulb b and c.  if bulb a is damaged, bulbs b and c are still lit.
bulb c was not contained in a closed path with the battery
Because the terminals are not in a closed path, so you are giving the voltage of the battery itself
There was no gap between terminal 3 and the positive terminal.
Bulb B and Bulb A are on closed paths.
because there is no closed path
bulbs B and C are still on closed paths containing the battery.
all of the bulbs are in different paths
Because there was no gap.
the battery was contained in a circut
I order to make a bulb light up, there has to be a battery and the right connections.
they are not in the same path as bulb c
there was a gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1.
The terminal is connected to a positive battery terminal.
Bulbs A and B will still be a part of a completed circut.
the battery is in a closed path but connects with nothing else
bulb a and b are on a closed path with the battery
bulb a can have a closed path with the battery through switch z
bulbs a and b are on a closed path with the battery
There was a gap
when the switch is closed
each bulb contains its own closed path
They are on different closed paths
The circuit is closed
There are two complete paths in this diagram. Bulb a is in a complete path with the battery, and does not affect bulbs b and c. Bulbs b and c are in a complete path with the battery, and do not affect bulb a.
switch Z effects all the bulbs
there is a gap
bulb c in in a separate path.
switch z contains a closed path with the battery
because bulb a can go through the other path
It creates a gap, so no electricity from the battery can flow to the other bulbs.
because there is a gap between terminal one and the positive battery terminal
bulb a and bulb b are containe4d in different paths with the battery.
the bulb contained in the same path go out
The bulb is connected to the opposite end of the battery
Terminal 3 was connected to the negative terminal
a damage bulb creates a gap in the path
A damaged bulb disrupts the flow of the current.
there was no gap in the path.
Short circuit, or "Danger, Will Robinson!"
Bulbs B and C are still contained in closed paths to the battery
it can take a different path
there was no gap between terminal 1 and the positive battery terminal.
bulb a creates a gap in teh path.
battery is dead.
because they all have a 0.00 v
they are in the same electrical state
the bulb creates a gap in the closed path
When B or C is out, the other bulb on that pathway will be out. Only A will remain unaffected, because it is on it"s own pathway connected to the battery
Bulb a was in a complete circuit
It is not a short circuit.
The positive battery terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 6.
asdff
the terminal is connected to the battery terminal
because they are separated by a gap
it was seperated by a gap from terminal 3
bulbs A and C are on separate paths from bulb B
bulb a is contained in a closed path with the battery.
Bulb A is in a closed path with a battery
bulbs a and c are wired within a closed path
bulbs a and c are contained in separate closed paths
it creates a gap in the closed path
because switch z is in bulb c"s closed path
the bulb and the battery is contained on a closed path
there is a difference in electrical states
the difference in size between two terminals
the bulb is connected to the positive terminal
it closes the pathway
because it creates a gap in the circuit.
Terminal 1 was connected to a negative terminal 2.
they still are contained in a closed path with the battery
The voltage is 1.5 because thebulb terminal is connected to the battery terminal.
That the batter isn"t working.
terminal 4 is connected to a gap created by bulb B
a terminal is connected to the negative battery terminal
not in the same path
there is no path through bulb b.
Because it was attached to the postive terminal!
if the bulb and switch are contained in the same path
Because their is a gap between A and C now.
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal and terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal
bulbs B and C still are contained in closed circuits
The measure of electritcy across a power source
When the switch is in the same papth as the bulb.
Terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal.
there is a difference of 1.5 volts between terminal 1 and the positive terminal
if both bulbs are contained within a closed path
there is a gap between the postive terminal 6
leave me alone i got it right
since a a gap does not affect the voltage of a battery
the  negative batter terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 4
The difference is electrical states between two terminals.
There is a closed path that contains the battery and bulb a and bulbs b and c. if a is burned out, it only accounts for bulb a. if b is burned out, then there is a gap in the path that contains the battery and bulb b and bulb c. if c ib burned out, then there is a gap in the path that contains the battery and bulb b and bulb c.
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
There must be a closed path for both the battery and bulb.
When the switch is in the same path as the bulb.
Terminal 1 is not connected to the battery.
the bulb is damaged
bulbs b and c are not in a closed path with bulb a
beacuse there is a complete path without switch y
Terminal 1 is connected to the positive battery terminal.
b and c are parallel to a
If the switch is contained in the same path with the Bulb
because there is not circuits going through one
there is no path for the other bulbs
its connected
bulb a will light when it is in a closed path with the battery.
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative terminal on the battery.
if the bulb is on the same path as the switch
Bulbs A and B are on a different closed path
because there is a gap
the conditions are a battery and a closed path
i dont know!!!!
because it was in a closed path
The battery is in the closed path
Terminal 1 is not seperated by a gap from terminal 2.
i have no idea
because bulb a is in a closed path, and bulb c is in a closed path.
there will be a gap
a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states between two terminals
it is on a closed path
there is a closed path with the battery and bulb a
Because the battery runs in a closed circuit.
the voltage doesnt change
Bulb A is on a closed circut path
there is a separation
Bulbs A and C will still be on their own completed circuts.
Bulb C is not contained in the in the circuit.
terminal 4 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery
It is not connected.
Bulbs B and C are still contained in a closed path to the battery.
Because there is no gap between the terminals
Because the batter termnal was not separted by a gap from terminal .
terminal one is not connected to terminal six
an electircl aasoidrjf
Because it creates a gap, which opens a path.
Because it is not in the same path
because they have 0 voltz
the terminal is not connected to the battery terminal
The battery is not in a closed path.
The negative battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 6.
Bulb A is in a closed path with the battery.
because it blocks the charge of the circuit.
The terminals are disconnected.
because the bulbs are on seperate paths
Because it still caught the current from both terminals
the positive battery terminal and terminal 4 do not have a gap between them
because bulb C was not still contained in a closed path with the battery
if the switch is included in the bulb"s closed path, then the switch being open will affect the bulb
because there is a gap because bulb b is damaged
if the damaged bulb is on the same path with the battery
That there is a short circuit.
If the terminals at both ends of the bulb are the same, then it"s damaged.
a damaged bulb will affect another bulb if they are on the same path
A closed circuit
The component is not enclosed within the path and the battery is
If the other bulb is no longer contained in a closed path with the battery
There is a gap in the circut.
They are on different paths
Bulbs a and b are still contained in closed paths with the battery
They are contained on the same closed path.
because bulbs b and c were still contained in a closed path with the battery
there is no connection
both of the terminals are connected to the negative battery terminal
both the bulb and battery must have a closed path
the bulb terminals are not connected to the battery terminal
If it is on the path with it and the battery
Bulbs B and C are contained in the same closed path with the battery
a bulb creates light
the path is complete
Because there was no difference
it means the bulb terminal is connected to the battery terminal
battter is contained in a closed path
bulb b and bulb c share a closed path with the battery, bulb a has its own closed path with the battery
the negative battery terminal is connected to bulb terminal 1,2 and 3 only.
terminal 1 and the positive terminal are connected.
It creates a short circuit.
if a switch is contained in a closed path with the bulb
there is a complete circuit, with a battery and a bulb
They are on the same path to the battery without interruption
Explain why you got a voltage reading of 1.5 for terminal 1 and terminal 6.
because the positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from  terminal 6.
Because it determines the different electrical states between the terminals
because bulb A was still contained in a closed path
because there was two positive connections
If it is interrupting the path of the bulb and the battery
A and C are not in the same path as B.
the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 4
there was a gap in the connection between the batteruy and the terminal
The bulb must be in a closed path. The light bulb terminals must be connected to both battery terminals.
a gap causes a lost connection
bulb had a short circuit
when bulb a is out, bulb b and bulb c are still in a closed path with the battery. when bulb b is out, bulb a is still in a closed path with the battery and bulb c is not in a closed path with the battery. when bulb c is out, bulb a is still in a closed path with the battery and bulb b is not in a closed path with the battery.
Bulb B is in the path of the opened switch
if it interrupts the contained path to the battery
terminals 1 and 4 are not seperated by a gap
switch y is not on the same path to the battery as bulb a
The electrical state is interferred with.
there was a gap from terminal 2 to terminal 6
bulb a is in a path that is not affected by the other two bulbs. bulbs b and c are in a path that is affected if either of the bulbs burns out. bulbs b and c are not affected by bulb a.
bulb B becomes a gap in the circuit
The bulbs will not be powered if the circuit path is incomplete.
Explain why circuit 2 is not a short circuit.
Bulbs A and B are contained in a closed path with the battery
creates a connection
the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 6
if they are on the same circuit as the battery
no electricity
there is a closed path that contains bulb and a battery
the terminals are connected to each other.
the positive battery terminal is not connected to the negative battery terminal.
terminals must connect to correct spots
Bulb C was no longer connected to the negative battery terminal.
a connection to the battery
turning off one bulb will not turn off another bulb
and the battery
because it shows you what terminals are connected
the battery is contained in the circuit and the light bulb is not
There is a component.
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4
if they are contained in the same closed path
The path must be closed
Both the light bulb and battery must be in a closed path circuit.
there is no gap seperated terminal 6 and the positive terminal
there is a gap in terminal 1
bulb b and c are on a closed path to the battery
they are on the same ppath
It is short circuit and the battery life will die.
by seeing if a terminal has a different electrical state than another you can find the gap in the circuit
because bulb a and c were still contained within a closed path with the battery
they are not contained in the same closed path
No.
The positive battery terminal was not separted by a gap from terminal 6
if it in the way of the path and creates a gap due to damage
the battery always has voltage
They have different electrical states.
bulb b and bulb c are in a closed path with the battery
because positive charge is before gap
battery connected to terminal a
That the terminals are not connected to each other.
it closes the circuit
bulb b and bulb c are contain in the same closed path.
They can follow a seperate closed path
I dont know
There is still a closed path
the battery is contained in a closed path by itself
because the path is short
Find where there are different electrical states
that buld and the battery terminals are connected
bulb c is contained in it"s own closed path
The battery is connected to the bulb
there will be a gap between the bulbs
It was on the wrong side.
bulb a will not affect bulbs b and c
There is a light bulb in the circuit
I did
they are not on teh same path
There is a gap in between the terminals.
those terminals are connected to the negative side of the circut
no componenent
circuit 5 is in a closed path.
beacuse it was still a closed circuit
connected to the negative terminal
the path is closed
the switch will affect the bulb if they are in the same pathway.
switch Y did not affect the closed circuit for bulb A
A damaged bulb creates a gap in the path
Bulb A was still on a closed path to the battery
Explain why you got a voltage reading of 0 for terminal 1 and terminal 2.
because for the currents from both terminals of the battery to reach bulb c switch z and y must be closed.
becuase it can follow that path that switch Z is on
bulb c is not contained in the same paths as A and B
god loves us all
a complete circuit of electricty
Because the battery is in a closed path with nothing else connecting to it
a battery connected to each side of the lightbulb.
It means that the terminal that you moved to is not connected to the terminal of the battery you are connected to
Bulb A and B will still be contained in a closed path with the battery
switch Y does not effect bulb A
Because Bulb C and switch Z are in the same path, so with switch Z open, a gap was created.
the battery is on a closed path
bulbs B and C are on the same path as the battery
if the first bulb is in a closed path with another bulb
you have found the gap
whatever
a closed path and bulb connected to one terminal
they either are or are not contained inteh same closed path as teh battery
bulb c was separated from the battery.
the open switch will open the path
terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal
1 2 and 3 are connected t neative
There was a gap between terminal 3 and the positive terminal.
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 2
The difference in electrical charge between two terminals
the positive terminal
npo idea
the difference between the electrical state of the positive terminal and the negative terminal.
terminal 6 is connected to a positive battery terminal
there was a closed path with the battery and bulbs b and c
Terminal 4 is only connected to the positive battery terminal.
circuit 2 is connected to the battery
It is a bad connection.
bulb a was on because it was contined in a closed path.
It was connected to the positive terminal.
A damaged bulb will affect another bulb when it breaks the closed path with the battery.
bulb A"s path only contained switch Z
Because switch y does not affect the circuit that bulb a is on
they are not in the same closed path
they are contained in the same closed path
if it is in the same path as the other
there is a gap between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal.
still connected to the battery
terminal 1 is conected to terminal 6
there is a gap between the terminals
Bulbs B and C are contained in the same path, so the status of these bulbs will affect each other and have no affect on bulb A. Bulb A is on its own path, so it will not have an affect on bulbs B and C.
They are both connected to the negative battery terminal
The difference between two terminals that produces and electrical state
Because if the gap is open the bulb will not go on
The bulb does not effect the others
Because bulb A was not concerned with switch Y and only concerend with switch Z, which was closed to make bulb A on.
the is an open path
if it is contained in the same path
bulbs b and c were still contained on a closed path with the battery
electricity difference between the battey"s positive and negative terminals
measure of the difference between the elecrical states of two terminals.
Energy flows through the path so if there"s a gap, there"s no energy
if the damaged lightbulb is contained in the closed circuit
termianl 1 is not connected to the positive battery terminal.
Terminal 6 is connected to the positve battery terminal
there is still a closed path that contains the battery, bulb b, and bulb c
a measurement of current and flowing the a source.
Bulb C was off when switch Z was open because bulb C was directly in an open path.
bulb c is in a separate path
they are contained within the same path
The measure between 2 different terminals
If the electrical states of the two terminals are different, then that means there is a break in the connection
they are on seperate closed paths
The path may not connect a bulb to the switch.
It is different from the battery.
it is closed
battery is dead
Bulb a is in a path with the battery. Bulbs b and c are in a path with the battery. Bulbs that are located in different paths will not affect each other
There is a connection between a bulb terminal and a battery terminal.
bulb a is in a closed path with the battery without passing through switch y.
Closed path between batter and bulb A
the path has to be closed
short circuit.
Bulb A was still contained in a closed circuit.
no gap
the battery is not contained in a circut
terminal 1, terminal 2, and terminal 3 are connected o the negative battery
gap, battery and electricity
The battery is not contained in the circuit.
terminal is connected to terminal 6
bulbs b and c are paired together in one closed path with the battery. bulb a is by itself in a closed path with the battery.
the circuit was complete
there is no gap between terminal 1 and the psoitive terminal
There are two series involved in this diagram, therefore two different paths for the current to take. Bulbs B and C are contained in the same path and affect each other when one is burned out, but Bulb A is on its own path and only affects itself.
c doesn"t effect the other 2 closed paths
Because. It was on the wrong side.
The bulb takes away the path.
Because the positive batter terminal and terminal 6 were connected.
Bulb A and B are on closed paths containing the battery
they do not create a circut
the voltage does not reach all the components
a batter uses a chemical reaction to create voltage
no gap between 4 and positive battery
They are all on their own pahs
Bulb A is not on the same path that Bulb B and bulb C are.
bulb a and c are not contained within the same closed path
because bulb A and C are in a closed path
Because it has a gap.
because bulb a is connected to switch x and the battery is in a closed path
Terminal one is connected to terminal 4
Because bulb B and C were contained in a closed path with the battery.
A terminal is not connected to the negative battery terminal.
bulb A will be on a closed path with the battery
Bulbs B and C were in a closed circuit.
if they are in the same path
because bulb a was in a closed circuit with the battery
the battery is not contained in a closed path.
The path it was on
a bulb creates a closed path and if the bulb is damaged so is the path
potential difference
there will be a gap at bulb b, thus affecting the rest of the circuit
Because there is a bulb. It is not a closed path.
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Circuit 4 is not a short circuit because the battery is not contained in a closed path.
A damaged bulb affects another bulb when they are contained in the same path.
because it damages the complete circuit
You will find out wehere the difference in electrical staates
There is a closed path with the battery and bulb A
because voltage is the difference between two terminals and those terminals were not connected in a closed path
when the swith and bulb are in the same path as the battery
when it is in the same path as the battery
the batter is in a closed path without any other components.
the battery is not cantained in a closed path
damaged bulb a creates a gap in the path
measuring voltage allows you to find gaps and connections by checking the electrical states between two terminals.
If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
because the battery is in a closed path and the bulb is outside of the path
had a closed path to the battery
Why do you think the other terminals are being held in a different electrical state than that of the negative terminal?
positive is seperated from negative!
different paths
It was contained in a closed path
there is a closed path, with no lightbulb in the path
because it was connected to the positive terminal
Bulb A and bulb C are still on a closed path that contains the battery.
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Both ends of the battery aren"t connected to each other.
they are not on the same path
the bulb terminal is connected to the battery terminal.
voltage is the difference in the electrical states between the terminals
circuit 4 is contained in an open path
The positive battery terminal is seperated by a gap from termnial one.
jdkjgkfjg
because bulb c was contained in an open path with the battery
because bulb C was separated by a gap from the battery
because it still was on a closed path
Switch Y and Bulb A are not on the same path
it was copntained ina closed circuit
Bulb A is conected to the battery.
bulb A is not in the same pathway as bulbs B and C.
if it is in the same path as the bulb
the difference in an electrical state a battery has
if the damaged bulb is on the ame path as the undamaged bulb
Stops the path from being closed.
njo
the positive battery terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 6
The voltage has the same electrical state between any two terminals.
Bulb A and Bulb C are still in a contained path.
not contained insa me path
Bulb A was on because it was in a closed path that contained the battery
The gap prevents the terminals from being closed
it is on its own closed path with the battery
because bulb a was in a closed path
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 4
if it is in the closed path with the battery
because there is no connection so the path is not closed
The measure of voltage will determine an electrical state.
The battery is not in a closed path
terminals 1,2,and 3 are connected to the negative terminal of the battery
it will turn it off
a damaged bulb causes a gap at the blub
circuit 4 does not have a closed path
Because bulbs A and C are on different closed paths with the battery
the battery is contained in a closed path without any devices
bulb b and c are not on a closed path
becasue it can be in another closed pathway
Bulb terminals 3 and 4
bulb a is in a closed path with the battery. bulb b and bulb c are in a closed path with the battery.
Bulb B and bulb A were still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Explain why you got a voltage reading of 0 for terminal 1 and terminal 4.
i like you?
Measuring voltages helps to locate burned out bulbs because if there is a gap or something isn"t connected, it will show up as a numerical electrical state.
the batery failed
sdfdka
Both terminals of the bulb need to have a power source
Because they are in the positive terminal, and aren"t directly touching the negative terminal.
the battery connects with bulb a and b
There will be a gap in the path
seperates the voltage
if the bulb is in the path of an open switch
There was no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal.
the closed path is connected to the light bulb
It allows you to measure if there is damaged gap.
Because it is not in the same path.
the battery connects to the bulb
Bcause the battery is not in a closed path.
Bulb A was connected to the battery by a closed circuit
the difference in electrical state between two terminals
If it is open and there is no longer a bulb in a closed path with a battery.
Becuase the damaged bulb damages the path in which is was connecte to
ht negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 1 and 2
dont do this
there is a gap between terminal 2 and the positive terminal.
A closed path with a battery enables the bulb to be on.
The electrical state difference tells you where the gap is.
bulb a is in the closed path
i dont  know
Bulb C is in an indepedent path
bulb a and c are in different circuits
because it would cause a gap
switch Y does not affect bulb a
The positive battery terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 4.
Because it opens the path
There is a good connection between a bulb terminal and a battery terminal.
Switch Y is not in the path of Bulb A
because the voltage measures the difference in electrical states of two terminals, so it can determine where there is a gap, or wehre there is a connection.
bulb A is contained entirely in it"s own closed circuit. bulbs B and C are contained in the same closed circuit, therefore, affecting each other when burned out.
there is a difference between terminal 2
because they have different paths
gods state
They are contained in the same path with the battery and are affected by one anotehr
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gay from terminal 2
Because bulbs A and C were in a separate closed path
bulb a was in a closed path with the battery.
there is no path between the bulbs
the battery is connected to a bulb
there are 3 separate closed pat for the 3 bulbs
the electrical state can locate the gap
bulb a is contained in it"s own closed path, so no other bulbs affect it. bulbs b and c are contained in a closed path with the battery, so if one is burnt out it creates a gap in the path and it is not a complete circuit.
Electrical states between connected terminals will differ than those that are separated by a gap.
becuase it is in a closed circuit with itself and the bulb is not i the closed circuit
they are connected to the negativer terminal
that you have found the bulb that is damaged
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same state.
still a closed path to the other bulbs
the path must contain a battery
bulbs must be in a closed path with the battery in order to work
after gap
connected to positive terminal
terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative terminal
If the swith is contained in the same path as the bulb
becasuse it is electrically charged
A battery will always have a voltage because the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals are always different.
becuase you can test the light bulbs until you find where there is a gap between 0 volts and 1.5 volts, just like in the exercise i just did
They connect to the positive terminal
distance between terminals
they are on closed paths
there is a closed path that contains the battery, bulb b, and bulb a
because there is a difference in electrial states between the two terminals
damages the path
there is not a full circut with both battery terminals
because there was a gap in the circuit.
There"s a gap.
There is a gap after bulb b
bulb a is in a complete circuit with the battery.
the battery is in a closed path and bulb a is connected to switch z
bulbs A and B are in different paths that do not contain bulb C
difference between two electrical currents
If any bulb is out, it affects the whole system and everything is blocked from the battery.
because bulb c is not in the same ppath
Bulb A is on a separate path than Bulbs B and C. Bulb B and C share the same path to the battery.
There is still a closed path with bulb A, bulb B and the battery.
you have to have a closed circuit
Bulbs A and C are on different closed paths
because it had no gap between the terminals
tell me the answer
any open swith does no allow the bulbs to turn on
it means that the bulb terminal is not connected to the battery terminal.
bulb a and bulb c would still be in a closed path with the battery
They are located the closest to each other
the bulb is connected to a positive terminal
it depends on whether its an open or closed path
bulb a and bulb c are not on the same path with bulb b
the positive battery terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 4
because bulbs A and C are contained in different paths with the battery
A switch creates a gap in the path.
they are not parallel
They are on different closed paths.
the batter is contained in switch y
becuase bulb a is on a closed circuit with the battery
terminal one is connected to the negative battery terminal
bulbs a and c are not in a closed path with bulb b
Bulb A will no longer be completing the circuts.
the battery is not contained in a closed path
The battery is in an open path to the bulb.
gap in the path
cd
the positive battery terminal s separated by a gap from terminal 3
the bulb has to be conatined in a closed path with the battery.
Terminal 5 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
a damaged bulb creates a gap in the path.
because they are in a closed path
1, 2, and 3 have 0 volts. The negative side of the battery begins at 0 volts.
removing or damaging one bulb will not affect the other.
Short circuit or bad battery.
bulb a does not affect bulb b and bulb c. bulbs b and c, do not affect bulb a. bulb b affects bulb c, and bulb c affects bulb b.
because if there is a voltage that means there is a gap
a measure of electric power
bulb B is not contained in the same path as bulbs A and C
because they were still in a closed path with the battery
A switch affects a bulb when it is in a closed path with a battery.
Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are contained in separate paths
Because the electricity can"t pass through
bulbs a and c are still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Because the battery is not damaged when lighting the bulb
because there is no gap between terminal 1 and the positive terminal
because if the voltage is 0 that means the bulb is burned out
when a switch and bulb are whithin a closed path
Bulb B and bulb A are still contained in a closed path with the battery.
They have to be closed circuts
they are not parralel
Terminal has the same electrical state
The path was still closed.
terminal 1 is connetced to terminal 4
It tells you that it is connected to a positive battery terminal.
There are other closed path without bulb B
because bulbs a and c are on a closed path with the battery
that the terminals are connected to each other
bulbs are in different closed paths
Because there is a difference between the electrical states of the two terminals.
Bulb c was not in a closed path with a battery.
because switch y isn"t included in bulb A"s closed path
bulb c creates a gap in the closed path.
A switch will affect the bulb if they are contained in the same path.
the battery has a closed path and no bulbs
because it is not connected to the negative terminal
Because bulbs B and C were contained in a closed path with the battery.
the positive battery terminal and terminal 4 are on the same side of the damaged bulb
They are in independent paths
i dont knpw
the terminals go from not being connected to being connected to each other.
Because there  is a gap in the system where componenet B is shorted out.
if they are not contain  in a closed path
closed paths around the light bulb and the battery
they are closed pathes with the battery.
terminal 1 and 4 connected
Because they have different electrical states
The positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6
A terminal is connected to a bulb.
A is in the same path as C
when the damaged bulb creates a gap in the circuit
removing one bulb shuts off the other.
the difference between terminals.
Because they are connected.
bulbs a and c are connected to the battery on the same path
terminal 6 is connected to the difference
the terminals are on the same side as the negative side of the battery.
because it causes a short circuit.
its connected to both the positive and negative terminals
Bulbs B and C are in seprate closed paths that contain both the bulb and the battery
the battery is not connected to the terminal
A and C are in the same path
the bulb is not contained within the path
a closed circuit with a positive and a negative connection.
Bulb a will not create a gap for bulb b and c
They all connect to the negative terminal
because the voltage meter was connected to a positive and negative side
bulbs a, b and c are not contained in the same closed path.
A damaged bulb no longer completes the circut.
the battery is not connected to the bulb
the switch must be contained in a path with the bulb
again because the battery is not in a closed circuit with itself
the battery is damaged
because the circuits will be closed
Bulbs A, B and C are on different paths
they are the same
the battery will always have a voltage.
A, B, and C are contained in the same closed path
The battery doesn"t work.
B and C were still contained in a closed circuit with the battery
Because when you measure the difference in electrical states of two terminals, if they are connected the reading will be 0.  If they are separated by a gap, the reading will be 1.5 V.
the difference in electrical states of two terminals
Bulb B is on a different path
What are the conditions that are required to make a bulb light up?
Bulbs have to be contained in closed paths with the battery
bulb b is in the same path as bulb c but bulb a is only in its own path. if either bulb b or c goes out then both b and c will go out. however, if bulb a goes out this will have no effect on bulb b or c
if it disrupts the path of the bulb and the battery
They still have a direct closed path
When bulb B is damaged there is a disruption in the current.
Because the battery is not in a closed path.
the difference between electrical charges of battery terminals
There is no gap, same electrical state.
the voltage will change when you move from a terminal that is connected to the battery and one that is not
there is still a closed path between bulb a and the battery
Switch Y did not effect bulb A
bulb c is contained in a closed path with switch y.
bulbs a and b will still be in a closed path with the battery.
there was a gap in the circuit that C was on
Blub A and bulb C are contained in different paths with the same battery.
Terminal 2 and the positive battery terminal are in different electrical states
ok
the terminals are not connected.
There is still an closed circuit.
they are on their own closed path with the battery
there is no relationship between path bulb a and c
because if there is a gap, a burned out bulb, there would be a different voltage at the connections around it
the bulbs are conained in different paths with the battery
if it is contained in the circut
bulb a is in a closed path with a battery
A gap chause different electrical states with different voltages
because terminal 1 is directly connected to terminal 4
bulb a was on
The battery will not work.
a and b are still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Because switch Y occurs after Bulb A and does not affect it.
because they are in the same path
The battery is connected to only one side of the bulb and is only running electricity back to the battery.
The lightbulbs are all contained in the same closed path.
A is on a cloosed battery
It must be in a closed circuit.
bulb a and b are still contained in a closed path with the battery
Bulbs are on different closed paths
if the bulb and the switch are contained in the same path. then the switch affects the bulb.
It is no longer contained within a closed path
They have a seperate closed path with the battery
because the positive terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2
Bulb A is not contained in the same path as bulb B and C.
switch x is in the closed path with bulb a
The difference in electrical states.
The positive battery terminal is separated bya gap from terminal 3.
The light bulb must be in a closed path with a connected battery.
There is a bulb in the circuit.
b and c are on different paths
because the electrical states between the two battery terminals will be different no matter what
Damaged bulb A will create a gap.
they are in different closed paths and do no effect each other
terminal 1 is connected to the 1.5 volt battery.
A closed path with a battery and bulb
Because the are all connected to the negative battery terminal.
bulb a does not affect the path of bulb b and c
bulbs a, b, and c are on a path with the battery
Short circuit
bulb b and bulb c are in the same path so if one burns out the other will nott work. bulb a is contained within a different path and will not burn out if bulb b or c is damaged because it is still contained in a closed path with the battery
a switch will effect a bulb if it in the closed path to the battery
the path opens the circuit
There would be a gap.
Explain why circuit 5 is a short circuit.
because there is a gap in bulb b
becasue the terminals 4,5, and 6 are connected to the positive terminal of the battery
The path is not closed. The distance between the positive battery terminal and terminal a is 1.5v.
the battery is in a closed path.
makes  a short circuit
The bulb must be in a closed pathway containing the battery
it creates a gap that doesn"t allow the electrical current flow to to the other bulbs.
switch creates circuit
Because there is a gap due to a damaged bulb.
terminal 6 has  gap
battery must work. and connected to correct terminals on light bulb
Switch Z is in the same path as bulb A
It is still contained in a closed path
they are on seperate closed circuits with the battery
Bulb A is in its own closed path with the battery. Bulb B and bulb C are in their own closed path with the battery.
If the path is directly connected to the battery, then the switch affects a bulb.
closed path without bulb
because the terminals haven"t been affected by the positive battery terminal
they are contained in different paths with the battery
A battery and a bulb must be in a closed path together
There are two pathways
it is not in the same path.
There is a gap in the path.
because there is not gapp they are connected
because the path is no longer closed
it does
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal.
terminal 4 is connected to postive battery
switch x is contained in the same path as bulb a.
That the bulb terminal is connected to the negative battery terminal.
Terminals 3 and 4 are seperated
Bulbs B and A are still contained on a closed path with the battery
the bulb terminal and the negative battery terminal are separated by a gap
There is not a closed path with the battery and bulb C
when it creates an open path
I think the red X means that this is dangerous and should never happen unless something is seriously wrong.
Bulbs B and C are still contained in a closed path with the battery
Terminal 4, terminal 5 and terminal 6 are connected to the positive terminal.
the batteries terminals are not connected
The bulb is in a closed circuit and the battery exists in that circuit
they will still be contained in closed circuits with the battery
there is not gap between the terminals
the voltage is nearest the burnt out bulb
the difference between terminals
A voltage reading of 0 means there is a gap
it completes teh crciut
Terminal 4 is connected to the positve battery terminal and it is not seperated by a gap
battery is connected to itself with no bulb
Two terminals that have different electrical states
because a batter will always have a voltage even if it is 0
because they are connected in the terminal
because terminal 4 is connected to the positive terminal but not the negative terminal
terminals 4, 5, and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
there was no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 and terminal 2.
bulb a is contained in a complete circuit when switch x is closed.
no path for the circuits
If the damages bulb creates a gap and causes the other bulb to no longer be contained in a closed path with the battery
They are all on different closed paths and there will be no gap in between them
true. bulb a will light if switches X and Z are closed.
A GAP WIL BE CREATED
positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 1
a battery is always in the same electrical state. it has a chemical reaction inside of it.
the other terminals are connected to the positive terminal.
bulbs b and c have separate paths within the closed circuit
Because terminal 2 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery through a broken bulb.
bulb A creates a gap in the closed circuit
circuit 5 only has 1 terminal
because bulbs a and b have their own closed paths
there is a gap between terminals 1 and 6
bulb c and a are in the same path. and affect one another
the terminals are separated by a gap
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not connected to itself.
all the bulbs are on parralel paths
because of the chemical in the battery
b is in its own closed pathway
Because the positive terminal is in a closed path.
they are on the same pah
A damaged bulb will affect another bulb when it creates a gap in the closed path with the battery
there is no path through the connection of bulb b.
A is on a battery that has a closed path
Closed connection between the bulb and the battery.
there is a chemical reaction between two terminals
terminal 1 and terminal 2 possess no difference
no idea
They had negative voltage.
they are the same state
Terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6 because there is a gap.
the gap jumps from negative to positive
positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3
Bulbs B and C will be on open paths with the battery
If the damaged bulb is in the same path as another bulb.
When it is on the same path
Bulb B, and C are still ina contained path.
there is no electrical states
there is a closed path
the switch affects the bulb if it is on the same path
the only component in the closed path is the battery.
There is a gap in the path
postive terminal of battery is not connected
The path was closed
the voltage of a battery does not depend on the components in a curcuit.
The positive terminal has 1.5 V
They are not contained inthe same closed path
the positive battery terminal is separaed by a gap from terminal 3
It breaks the closed pathway that the bulbs require to work.
the battery is dead
There was no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal.
Bulb C wasn"t in a closed path
The electrical state for the bulb terminal and the battery terminal will have a charge of 0 if connected so if the charge is anything that isn"t 0 V, there is a gap at that bulb
The battery is in a closed path and the bulb is not connected
they are connected to different terminals
the battery is contained on a closed path with bulb a and b
Bulb A and bulb C are in the same path.
A, B and C are in different paths
It tells you that is isi connected to a positive battery terminal.
right connections made to the right terminals
a and c are on the same closed path with the battery
circuit 5 only has one terminal to the battery
terminal 1is connected to terminal 4
Bulb A and bulb C are in a closed path with the battery.
The battery and the light bulb are in a closed circuit path.
When a switch is open the circuit is no longer complete
It receives current from switche Z.
bulb b did not create a gap for bulb a and c
the voltage of the battery depends on the chemical interaction inside the battery. It does not depend on components in a curcuit.
the difference in the electrical state between the battery and terminal
there was no closed path with the battery
the difference in electricity created by chemical reactions between two terminals
if the switch and bulb are contained in the same path, the switch will affect the bulb.
because bulb a was in a closed path with the battery
the difference is damged
its not recieving from either the negative or positive terminal
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 5
when the switch is part of the bulb"s path
Terminal one is not connected to terminal 6
switch y is not in the same path of bulb a.
Burnt bulbs have no voltage at one of there terminals.
because bulb a is still in a closed path with the battery. bulb c is still in a closed path with the battery.
bulb
my b, they will be on, not in the same path
SEPARATE PATHS
the the bulb terminal disconnected from the battery terminal
When they break the path.
Bulb A is in a separate path from bulbs B and C. So bulbs B and C affect each other because they are contained within the same path.
it was in an open circuit
a terminal has an electrical state where theres a chemical reaction
bulb a is contained in the closed path with switch x. switch y is not in the closed path with bulb a.
This is dangerous.
because the battery has its own chemical reacion between the positive and negative tterminals it contains
the bulb is in a closed circuit
It is not in the same path as bulb A.
An open switch means the circuit is not a closed path.
a electrical state difference?
a batter is required
bulbs A and B are still on a closed path with the battery source
that they are no longer connected
It creates a gap in the path.
bulb b and c are contained in the same closed path
I do not know
bulb b and bulb c would still be in a closed path with the battery
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 1. and germinal 3 is connected to the negative battery termina
because the battery is not in a closed circuit
A switch will affect a bulb it the bulb and the switch are in the path as the battery
they all read to 0
Bulbs A and B are not on the same path as Bulb C.
positive battery terminal is separated by a gap
because bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery and switch x
Bulbs A, B, and C are contained in different closed paths.
Bulb A and C are contained in different paths with the battery.
a closed path
if the damaged bulb is on the same closed path as the other bulb
the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 are not connected
the switch opens the closed circuit
if the damaged bulb and the other bulb are contained within the same path
seperate
the path must be closed with the battery and the bulb
terminal 1 and 2 have the same voltage because there is a working bulb connected to the negative battery terminal.
A Battery and bulb in a closed circuit
The battery is in a closed path that does not contain any other components.
because the gap will not effect the voltage.
the negative battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 6 and bulb c is damaged
terminal 6 and the  positive terminal are connected.
bulb b will not be in a closed path with the battery. bulb c will not be in a closed path with the battery.
because there was a gap in the terminals
terminals 1 and 2 are seperated by a gap
bulbs a, b, and c are not contained in the same closed path.
0.0 volts
they are all connected in the same path to the battery
there is an alternate closed path
the is a bulb in the closed circuit
bulb a is in a closed path without switch y
the terminals are no longer separated by a gap
because it creates a gap, so the circuit becomes incomplete
Because the path connecting the bulbs will be damaged
it always has the same voltage due to a chemical reaction inside of it
the latest bulb terminal is connected to the battery terminal, while the other is not
the positive battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 2
separated by a gap
Then the bulb and battery will not be in a contained circuit.
you can measure voltage to see if there is a gap that the bulb caused.
separate paths
a difference is electrical states between two terminals
they do not run on the same current
Circuit 2 is not in a closed path
Where there is a difference in electrical state, that is where the gap in the connection is.
The are both connected the negative battery terminal.
If it is on the only path of that bulb that contains the battery
bulb is still contained in a closed path with the battery
if bulb b is damaged it does not make a complete circut
There will not be a closed path.
the path will be closed
They are all on the dame closed path
the battery path is closed
There is no gap between the bulb terminal and the battery terminal
it is receiving voltage from the battery terminal.
switch z is contained in the same terminal as the battery
its not effecting the current to switch A
a terminal is connected to the negative terminal of the battery
because it creates a gap which in turn created an open path
Because they were still contained in a closed path to battery
the battery is the only component in the closed path.
terminal one is connected to terminal four
the positive battery terminal is not connected to terminal 2.
if bulb A is damaged the closed path has a gap. bulb b and bulb c are no longer on a closed path.
there is no difference in electrical states
when the path is open
the batter is on a closed path without any other component on that same path
removing either A or C will turn off the other bulb
Because the battery is in a closed path with no other component.
because they both still had closed paths
Because it can still make a closed path with switch X and Z.
there is no gapp between the positive terminal and terminal 1.
the terminal is connected to a bad bulb terminal.
same as 1
voltage is a property of batteries. voltage is the difference between electrical currents in two terminals.
tereminal 1 is connected to terminal 4
a reading of 1.5 volts means that the connection between the bulb terminal and the battery terminal  is closed.
Because switch Y and Z are also connected to bulb A.
b and c are in a closed path with the battery
If one bulb is removed, the others stop working
if the switch is in a closed path with the batter and bulb
bulbs a and c are contained in closed paths
the switch opens the closed path
bulb a and b will still be contained within a closed path of the battery
It makes the circuit incomplete.
Bulb A and C are on closed paths containing the battery
The A bulb is dead.
that there is two positive or two negative connections
bulb B and C both still are on a closed path with the battery
Bulbs b and c will not be in a closed path with the battery.
if the switch is contained in a closed path.
They are contained on different closed paths to the battery
bulbs a and b are still contained on a closed path with the battery
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6
The circuit is complete with the battery and bulb a
they have the same path
even if A burns out there are still closed paths for b and c
Because it was contained in a closed circuit
positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 4
Bulbs a and b will still be contained in a closed path with the battery
a working battery
a full circut that conects at both terminals of both components.
because they both have a voltage of 0.0 V
terminal one is connected to a positive battery terminal
The circuit will become incomplete.
becuase B is out
Bulb A, bulb b, and bulb c are not contained in the same closed path.
there is a gap between the battery terminal and the bubl terminal
they are each contained in different closed paths with the battery
it is in a closed path with the battery
The terminals are not connected to each other.
Bulb A is in two different paths with the battery
removing one bulb shuts off the other
different paths with the battery
because it is not connected to the positive battery
there is a gap seperating terminal 1 from terminal 6
bulb B is in a separate path than bulb A and bulb C.
If it is on the same path with that bulb and the battery
bulb a is contained in the same closed path as both bulbs b and c
Terminal 1 is connected toterminal 4
The electrical state is broken.
terminal 1 and terminal 6 are seperated by a gap
voltage shows where the gap is
Those terminals are only connected to the negative battery terminal
The terminal 1 is seperated from terminal 6
since b and c are in the same path, if one burns out then it will affect the other
the electrical states between the terminals is the same, resulting in 0
because A and B still connected to battery
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap
Bulb B and bulb C are still on closed paths with the battery.
Because it was still in a closed circuit
fjdajf
They are all in separate paths.
it creates a gap
Terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal.
The positive terminal is not seperated by a gap.
I guess because it is in the center.
A and B are on closed paths containing the battery
because they are connected to the positive terminal
the positive battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 4
The ppositive battery terminal is connected in terminal 6.
They are on the same paths
close the path and match the terminals
Because there is no gap at terminal 1
a gap causes a chemical reaction
The positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 4
I get a 1.5 V reading because the negative terminal of battery is connected to terminal of bulb and then bulb is then connected to postive terminal of battery
If they are contained in the same path
it would create a gap
there is no charge
bulb a id not in the path of bulb b and c.  if bulb a is damage, bulbs b and c are still lit.
terminal 4 is connected to the positive batterty terminal
because bulb a is contained within the same closed path as the battery
beacause the two terminals still have an electrical state
A terminal is connected to a damaged bulb.
because they all have different paths
There is a chemical reaction.
battery is contained in bulb
there will be a gap between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal
the positive battery terminal s separated by a gap from terminal 4
bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery without the y switch.
if they are within the same closed path
bulb b and bulb c were still contained in a closed path with the battery
a terminal is connected to the positive battery terminal
the paths of the circuit are no longer complete
because there was a positive and negative connection
the positive batter terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 3
when the switch and the bulb are on the same path
the bulb is not fully in the path of the circuit
Because it buld A was in a closed path with a battery.
because it is not in the path to the battery
+ releases current - recieves it?
because voltage measures the difference between two points
if switch z is closed it can make a closed path that contains bulb a and the battery.
there is a gap between terminal one and two
there is still a path for the other 2
There is no difference between the two terminals.
Bulb A is contained in a closed path with the battery
a bulb and a battery must share a path
Bulbs A and B are not in the same path as bulb C.
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
In circuit 5, the battery IS in a closed path.
because bulbs b and c were contained in a closed path with the battery
because a difference in voltage is due to a gap.
the bulbs are contained in a closed path
the negative battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4
bulb c is contained in a closed path
If bulb C is damaged, then bulb A and bulb B are still contained in a closed path with the battery.
it was still connected to the battery
the terminals must have a difference in electrical states to have voltage
That there is a gap
Bulbs B and C are contained on the same path with the battery.
they still have connection to the battery
terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6.
Bulb A and B will still be in a contained path.
the terminals are connedted to the negative terminal of the battery.
bulbs a and b are not in a closed path with bublb c
bulb a and c are contained in different paths with the battery
It creates a gap in the circut.
If a switch is connected to a bulb it will still work.
switch X does not effect bulbs B and C
bulb B and C will no be in a closed path with the battery
Meter read the difference in volts between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 which is connected to the negative battery terminal
Because the battery terminal was not seperated by a gap from terminal 4.
because the terminals are in the same state
a damaged bulb will affect another bulb if they are in the same path.
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not in a closed path with itself.
because it was not contained in the closed path.
There was a gap in b. The measurement between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 was 1.5v.
the voltage between terminal 1 and the positive terminal is 1.5 V
the path must be closed for a bulb to be on.
That battery is dead.
switch Y does not affect the closed circuit of bulb A
battery uses charge
Bulbs B and C will still be on closed paths with the battery
there is a gap between them - not connected
Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are not contained in the same closed path.
the bulb is in the closed path
makes it an open path rather then closed
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 2
the difference in electricity between terminals
Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are in different closed paths.
switch y is not in the path to the battery
Bulb A is on a different path than Bulb B and C so A is not affected with B and C go out and B and C are not affected with A goes out.
it was is a closed circuit with the battery
there is an incomplete circuit
because of the gap in bulb b
if the bulb is contained within the path
that the terminals are not connected to each other
Because the positive battery terminal and terminal 6 were connected.
Because switch Y didn"t interfere with the current.
the measurement of the electrical current that occurs when the chemicals are mixed together.
Because terminal 1 and 6 are connceted to the battery.
The positve battery terminal is connected to 4.
the path containing a is seperate from the path containing b and c
There must be a closed path and a battery.
because it makes it not a closed circuit
Bulbs A and C are in separate closed paths that have a battery source
Yes.
They are still in path with the battery.
Bulb A and C are still in a closed path with the battery.
because there was no separation in the positive battery terminal and terminal 1.
A damaged bulb will affect another bulb when it creates a gap in the other bulb"s closed path with the battery.
There is not charge between them
Because they are on their own closed paths
There will still be a closed path containing bulb A, bulb B and the battery.
Each end of the bulb must be connected to a differend end of the battery.
because terminal 1 and the neavtive terminal are seperated.
Bulb A and switch x are contained in the same path and the switch affects bulb A.
bulbs a and b are contained ina  closed path with the battery
elictrical state of batter and terminal
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
difference between paths of terminals
if the damaged bulb is in a closed path with another bulb.
Switch Z will still create a closed path from the bulb and the battery
if a path is connected to an oen switch, the bulb will be off.
to a battery
Terminal 5 is connected to the postive battery terminal
it runs on a different current
the bulb was not damaged
it has a closed path with the battery
the battery is in the closed path.
if the damaged bulb is in the same path as the other bulb.
it helps because you find the gap where the terminals are disconnected
if the switch and the bulb are on the same path.
not seperated by a gap
The battery uses the electrical state
Because it stops the battery from being connected.
Bulb C is not contained in a closed path with the battery.
Bulbs B and C werer still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Because the first 3 terminals are connected to the negative side of the battery.
A is on its own complete circuit, but B and C are on their own same complete circuit. so if bulb B or C is damaged it would upset the other since they are on the same closed circuit
kkkdfdadkjlf
The terminals are not connected anymore
Because there is a gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal
Seperate paths connected to the battery
because no difference in the electrical states of two terminals in a connection is where the gap is.
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
You can locate the gap because there is a difference in electrical states between the connections
if a bulb is in a closed circuit with a battery and a switch the switch will affect the bulb.
they are both connected to the negative battery terminal
there is still a path closed for bulb b and c
a closed circuit path for the buld as well as a working battery and a closed circuit path for the battery
The electrical states differ.
There will be a gap a bulb A
bulb a and c will still be contained within a closed path of the battery
an open switch incompletes the circut
Because it stops the flow of one side of a battery from reaching the other light bulbs.
bulb C was not contained in a closed path with the battery.
Terminals 1 and 6 are in different electrical states
because bulb a is on a closed path with the battery
The battery will be shot circuited
the bulb is not connected on both ends
they are not connected
That they are connected to each other.
the terminal has an electrical state between terminals
Bulb A and Bulb C are not contained in the same closed path
if it is in the same closed path
because there is not a closed circuit anymore for bulb c
when they are contained in the same path of a battery
there is a gap between the positive battery connection and the bulb terminal.
the measurement of the difference between two terminals in an electric state
they are connected to the positive battery terminal
bulb b is not in the same path of bulbs a and c.
Bulb A was still in a closed path with the battery
positively charged
It is a closed path.
because bulb a is still in a closed path with the battery. bulb b is still in a closed path with the battery.
Bulb a created a gap
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed path containing the battery
only one terminal of the battery is contained within the path and there is a bulb in the closed path
Because they are breaking the circuit.
bulbs a and b are both still contained in a closed path with the battery.
The bulbs are all on different closed paths.
Bulb B and Bulb C are in the same path with the battery.
the power of the terminal
that there is no difference between the electrical states of the bulb terminal and the battery terminal
they are on a different closed path
bulb B and bulb C are contained in the same closed path.
because it is connected to a bulb that is a closed path
The positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 5
a bulb
a path , a bulb , and a battery
Because the Meter read the difference in volts between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 which has a negative charge
Switch Z opens the path for bulb C
all have the same voltage reading
the battery is a chemical reaction that does not rely on the circuit being complete or not.
when a bulb is damaged it creates a gap in the circuit.
Bubl A was contained in a closed path with the battery.
That when the voltage reading is zero, the terminals are connected, when the voltage reading is 1.5, the terminals are not connected. It jumps from connected to not connected.
The positive battery was not connected to terminal one.
There will be a gap where the bulb holder is supposed to be
It was in the same path as switch X.
next question please
the bulb is not connected to both positive and negative connections.
because it creates a gap, thus the circuit becomes incomplete
There is a gap between the two bulb terminals
a measurement of current flowing through a source.
Bulb C will create a gap in the path
a short circuit has occured
Because it was DAMAGED.
terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 are connected to the positive terminal of the battery.
bulb b and bulb c are contained in the same closed path
DIFFERENT PATHS
the two terminals are connected
because the negative terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4.
battery is ruined
becuase breaking one  bulb then affects the ability of the others to light up.
that you have found where the connection stops
it makes an open path
they are contained in the same path as the battery
There is another component besides the battery in the circut.
the path has a gap, so the circuit is incomplete
no connection
complete path including a battery and a bulb
the circuit needs to be closed
That it is damaged.
terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal
the positve battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because is shows connection to the bulb.
Because it is in an incomplete path
bulb B and bulb A stay on a closed path.
because it was contained in a closed bath with the battery.
Terminal 4 is connected to the positve battery terminal and terminal 4 is not seperated by a gap
If they are in the same path.
there is an open path
because the positive terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3
damaged bulb creates a gap.
i dotn knwo"r[foldf;hoglbkrd
terminals 3, 4, and 5 are connected to the positive battery terrminal.
because they"re at 0
bulb a is in a complete curcuit when switch z is closed. the battery terminals are connected to bulb a terminals to form a complete curcuit
bulb a is in a closed path with the battery, bulbs b and c are in a closed path with the battery, bulbs b and c effect each other
they were in a closed path with a battery
I don"t know, actually.
the are in the same path
Because it decides whether the bulb will be lit or not
Bulb A and bulb C affect each other.
The electrical difference between the two terminals of a battery
the positive battery terminal and terminal 2 are not connected
bulb c is not in the same path of the battery.
they are on a path
its incorrect
exactly
the bulbs are on seperate closed paths
a battery in a closed path with a lightbulb.
Bulb A is on its own closed path and bulbs B and C are on the same closed path
terminals are separated by a gap between the positive and the negative terminals
they are seperated by a gap from bulb C
because they share the same path
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4.
bulb a is still in a closed path with the battery
the terminals used by the battery have no gap.
Bulbs a and c are in separate closed paths with the battery.
it is not in the same path as the bulb and battery
it creates a gap in the path
When the switch is in the path of the bulb.
there is a gap between terminals 1 and 2 from the positive battery terminal
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery
Bulb A and bulb C are contained in difference paths with the battery.
beacuse there is a complete circut without y being involved
the positive battery terminal is directly connected to terminal 6
beacuse terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal and the battery is connected at the positive terminal
It is not a closed path
The positive battery is separated by a gap from terminal 3.
actually bulbs a and c will be off because the path will no longer be cloed
Bulb c had a gap in the path.
Terminal 1 is seperated from the positive terminal
damaging bulb a creates a gap.
Circuit 2 is not a closed circuit because the battery and the bulb are connected.
i love you?
A and B are on a closed path with the battery
measure of electicity
The switch determines whether the path is open or closed.
You have reached a point where the terminals are not connected to each other.
There is still a voltage is the different terminals
a and c both create circuts with the battery
there is a gap at bulb b
Terminal 1 was connected to a negative terminal 4.
and it is contained in a closed path with the battery
Terminal 5 was only connected to the positive terminal
a gap separates terminal 1 from terminal 6
power
The connection is closed
Each circuit must have a connection.
bulbs b and c were in a closed paty with the battery.
Bulb b and c was still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Yes it was on
The bulb is only connected to that side of the battery terminal.
...
because it has a positive terminal
when it is in the same path "series"
a battery
A damaged bulb creates a gap.
The battery is contained in a closed circuit and there is nothing in its pathway
There is no gap between the positive terminal and terminal 4
the gap is open
the bulb is not connected to the positive connection of the battery.
They were in the same path as switch Y.
they are in independent paths
It is wrong.
Bulb A and Bulb C are still contained in closed paths to the battery terminals.
you are able to identify the gap
because of the gap in the circuit.
Bulb A and Bulb B are contained in a closed path with the battery.
It must be in a closed circuit with a battery.
voltage is a reading of the difference in electrical states between two terminals
bulb C is not contained in the same closed path with the battery
there"s a gap
they were contained within a closed path with the battery
They are still on a closed cicuit
bulb b and bulb c are contained in the same path with the battery
removing bulb a will affect bulb c
Bulb A and bulb C are contaiend in different paths with the battery
Switch Y was not in the same path
Terminal 6 was only connected to the positive terminal.
you can find which bulb is burned out
its contained in a closed path
because you can find the difference in the voltage by measuring the gap
There is a bad connection between a bulb terminal and a battery terminal.
There is still a closed path containing bulb B and C with the battery.
there is another path
it is not correct
it contains a bulb and does not complete a full circuit to the battery
because the damaged bulb a creates a gap in the path
It is in the same closed path.
energy between terminals
The positive battery terminal is seporated by a gap from terminal 2.
the positive battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 3.
terminal  is connected to postive battery
b and c are in series so one affects the other and a is in parallel so it doesn"t affect the others
There is a path with B and C that does not include X
The battery is not in a closed path so it can not be damaged
An open switch impacts a circuit because it causes the path to be closed, therefore the connection cannot be made.
yes bulb A was on
that it is connected to the negative terminal
the battery and a created a complete circut
a terminal is connected to another terminal
because the battery has its own electrical state within given by the lead
there will be a gap between bulbs
A damanged bulb impacts a circuit because the pathway is blocked.
because one end of the bulb is not connected to the positive side of te battery
I don"t know.
they will get damaged in the process
the difference electrical state will show the burnt bulb
The terminals and the negative battery are in the same state because no voltage was measured.
The difference in electrical states between two terminals.
the difference in electrical states
negative and positive output
the bulb will not light
BECAUSE. IT WAS ATTACHED TO THE POSITIVE TERMINAL.
Bulb A is contained in a closed path and not affected by  switch Y.
it was still on a closed path
allows you to identify any gaps
terminal 1 was connected to the positive battery terminal
because the circuit acts like a single unit. It creates an open path.
There is a gap in the closed path.
if there is a non-zero measurement it indicates there is a change in electrical states of the terminals
the are on the same wire
it is an incomplete circuit
Bulb A and Bulb C are contained in a closed path with the battery.
There"s a gap
the bulb was damaged
The path has to be closed in order for the bulb to be on.
I don"t know what else to tell you.
Because the chemical reaction is not effected by a gap.
The bulb terminal and battery positive or negativeterminal are connected.
bulb a and the battery was on a closed path
they are both on the same path
Bulb A and bulb C are on closed paths containing the battery.
there is still a closed path that contains the battery and bulb a and bulb c
bulb a is contained in a path with the battery and bulbs b and c are contained in a separate path with the battery.
A damaged bulb creates a gap
it can be 0
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 1.
bulb A and B will stil be in a closed path with the battery
there is a closed path that contains the battery, bulb a, and bulb b
bulbs b and c were contained in a closed path with the battery.
there is danger
They had their own closed paths
there is a gap somewhere in the circuit
the terminal is not connected to negative end of battery
because they are on a closed path that is not interrupted by C
it was on a complete circuit
there is a damaged bulb
there is a gap between teh negative battery terminal and terminal 4
It will help find where the gap in the circuit is.
Why?
b and c are both parts of complete circuts to the battery
where the voltage jumps from 0 volts to some number of volts represents the burned out bulb because it identifies where the circuit is only connnected to the negative battery terminal or the positive battery terminal.
if there is a gap in the circuit there the bulb will not light up.
If the switch is located in front of a bulb on the same path.
bulb b will be in a closed path. bulb c will be in a closed path.
Bulb a is in a separate path
because it opens the circuit
the holder of the bulb will damage the other bulb
terminal 1 i connected to terminal 6
they are on their own closed circuits with the battery
if x and z are closed then it will create a closed path
bulbs b and c are still contained in closed paths with the battery
i do not know
the bulb will be affected by whether or not the switch is open or closed
the attery is not in a closed path
the bulb will be on if it is still on a closed path
There was a connection between terminal 1 and the positive terminal
The battery is in a short circuit.
because of the gap at bulb b
The terminal is connected to the positive battery terminal.
Bulb A is on the same path as B and C
a bulb is contained in a closed path
because bulb A was still on a closed circuit
You will find out where the difference in electrica states
it was connected to the positive terminal
bulbs a and c are on their own closed path to the battery
path and bulb on the battery terminal
Bulbs A and B are not within the same path as bulb C.
Terminal 1 was connected to a positive battery terminal.
Bulb B  and Bulb C are contained in the same path with the battery.
If the switch is in front of the path of a light bulb or not.
same answer as above
because they will still work
f
The is a gap between those two terminals
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal had different electrical states.
the positive terminal and terminal 6 are connected
because they are connected to opposite terminals
the bulb terminal and the battery terminal are not connected
because of the chemical reaction in the battery
The bulb is dead pr not connected to the battery terminal
i dint know.
The bulb must be in a closed path. The bulb must be connected to both battery terminals.
they can affect each other
Because terminal 1 is seperated from the positive battery terminal.
there is a battery and bulb with a connection
the difference in power a battery emits
because the battery doesn"t get damaged sense it is coming in full contact a one end with the bulb.
the circuit and bulb must be closed
when bulb A is burned out B and C will stay on because they are still contained in the same path as the battery. When bulb B is burned out then C will be affect and A will not because B and C are contained within the same path as the battery. When bulb C is burned out then B will be off and A will be on becasue A is still contained within the same path as the battery
Z being open created a gap in the circut.
the difference in connections between terminals
a terminal is connected to a battery
The have the same electrical states
Explain why you got a voltage reading of 1.5 for terminal 2 and the positive terminal.
the is a difference in the terminals
bulb a and c are in a closed circuit
because there is still a difference in electrical states.  One side could have a positive connection and the other could have a negative connection
no i do not want to
Bulbs A and C aren"t in the same closed path
The bulb is in a closed path but the battery is not.
I don"t know
there was no gap between the circuit.
Bulb A and bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery
bulb c is not in the same path of bulb a and b.
tell  answer
Bulb C was in an open path,
They are connected to the battery not each other
you
voltage is the difference in the states of the terminal
there is no path when a switch is open
Bulb A and B are still contained within a closed path and connected to a battery
Why not?
i dont know the rest
it creates a gap in the current.
A battery and bulb in a closed path will light the bulb.
the positive battery terminal is no seperated by a gap from terminal 6
Bulb A and Bulb C aren"t in the same path. They don"t affect each other.
they are in the same closed path
the difference in the electrical states between two terminals causes a chemical reaction
battery will always have a voltage
bulb c is in its own pathway
the battery  is in a closed path with itself.
becuase the negative end of the votlage meter was connected to a positive circuit
terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal.
it was not a closed path
They are contained on the same path with the battery.
When bulb a is burnt out then b and c still have a contained path. when bulb b is burnt out then c does not have a direct path yet a does. when bulb c is burnt out then b does not have a contained paht but a does
The damaged bulb b creates a gap in the path so the negative battery terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal at bulb ternimal 1, 2, or 3. this leaves the terminals and the negative battery terminal in the same state of 0.
the path was closed
the bulb terminal and battery terminal are not connected to one another
because they will still be in a closed path with the battery
bulbs a b and c are on a closed path
Bulb B and bulb C are still in closed paths.
because x and z could be closed and bulb a will work.
there is a gap between terminal 1 and terminal 6
A battery and a closed circuit.
positive before gap
because terminal one and the positive terminal are connected
Terminal 1 is connected to terminal 2
Bulbs a and c are wired parallel because they are not contained in the same path.
switch y is not in the same closed path as bulb a and switch z
The measured difference between two electrical states.
the damaged bulb creates a gap in the circuit.
they are wired in the same path with the battery
4,5,6
they are still in a closed path with the battery
Bulbs A and B stay on because they are still contained within a closed path with a battery
a bulb must be contained in a closed path with the battery
they are on separate paths
same as above
depends on whether it is before or after the bulb
They are not contained in the same path.
terminal 6 is directly connected to the positive terminal.
a measure of the strength of electricity
because they are in series with a
Why does measuring voltage help you locate a burned out bulb? Try to answer in terms of electrical states, connections and/ or a gap.
The closed circut is not allowing the difference between the positive and negative terminals of the battery to interect.
Bulb a is in a closed path with a battery.
Bulbs B and C were on because they were still contained in a closed path with the battery.
sfsf
Bulb A is contained in closed paths with the battery
the battery is a short circuit
The chemical reation still exists
A and C are contained in different paths
there is no closed path that contains the battery, bulb b, and bulb c
because there is no closed path to the battery
the terminal it is connected to is not working
because that is what i thin k
It tells you that it is connected to a negative battery terminal.
terminal 5 is connected to the positive battery terminal.
Why was bulb C off when switch Z was open?
Path must be complete for bulb to be on. If switch is open, it breaks the path
A zero voltage means that the terminals have the same electrical state.
Bulb is contained in a path that does not contain bulb c
The electrical states between two terminals.
bulb b and bulb c are still contained in closed paths with the battery
The bulb is not contained in a closed path with the battery.
A bulb causes an electrical state.
The path between the bulbs and the battery is open
the path passes the energy through the switch
bulbs A and C are contained in the same path
incorrect, or not a correct way to wire
the positive battery terminal and terminal 6 are connected
they are on seperate circuits
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal have the same electrical state.
bulbs A and C are in different paths that do not contain bulb B
the difference between the positive and negative measurements of power
Bulb A and B are still contained within  closed paths
because they are connected
bulb a still has a path to the battery
the positive terminal is not connected to terminal 1
Terminal 1 and Terminal 2 are connected to the negative battery terminal.
bulb b is a gap
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal had different electrical states.
I get a voltage reading of 0 for terminal 6 and the postive terminal because their is not current flowing, no electricity, the path is open. the negative terminal of batter is not connected meaning the bulb will not light because there is 0 voltage
the battery is not in a closed path
B and C will no longer be contained in a closed path to the battery.
The bulb and the switch are not on the same closed path.
Explain why you got a voltage reading of 0 for terminal 6 and the positive terminal.
the difference of chemical signals between terminals
the bulb is connected from a negative terminal to a positive terminal
The battery is in a closed path and the bulb is not
the buld and the battery must be connected at a circuit
because  it isn"t contained in a closed path.
Bulb A is in the path with switch X.
battery is damaged
Bulb B is in a independent path
the positive terminal is not connected to terminal 2
switch z is closed so it still creates a complete path to the battery
bulb a will still be in a closed path with the battery. bulb b will still be in a closed path with the battery.
there is a short circuit
the two aren"t connected
seperate from battery
there is a closed path only when the bulbs are not damaged
a is in a closed circuit when x is closed
bulbs a and c are wired within the same closed path
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on the battery.
the bulb must be in a closed circuit with the battery.
The battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain the voltage,
electrical states will determine whether there is a gap or connection in the circuit
terminal one is connected to the negative
if bulb A burns out then bulbs B and C will no longer be in a closed path.
terminal 4 is connected to the positive battery terminal
Becuase there are still 2 closed paths for the battery to send volts through.
they are contained in different paths
because they are in the same electrical state
the other bulb will not light.
difference in electrical state
switch Z can be closed
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal
terminal 3 is connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb a affects bulb c. bulb c affects bulb a.
gap
because they are both connected
Because the voltage is the same.
they were on closed paths containing the battery
Terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal.
terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery
the terminal are seperated by a gap when the bulb goes out
You needed both a battery and a blub with the same path, and the path must be closed
The positive battery is separated by a gap from terminal 2.
Terminal 5 is connected to teh positive battery terminal
If the path is unbroken by the switch then the switch will not have an affect
positive charge
If there is a gap there will be  voltage but if connected then it wont read the voltage
the closed path still existed for bulb A even though switch Y was open
A bulb can only light up if each of the 2 spots are connected to the batteries" negative component and positive component.
What does a voltage reading of 0 tell you about the connection between a bulb terminal and a battery terminal?
Bulb C was no longer contained in a closed path with the battery.
the battery always has a voltage because there is a positive terminal and there is a negative terminal.
The bulb is in a closed path and the battery is not in the closed path with the bulb.
there is not a terminal connected to the positive path of the battery
they are in seperate paths, so they won"t be affected
there was a gap in the terminal
bulb a was in a closed circuit with the battery
terminal 1 and 2 are connected to the negtive terminal of the battery
because if bulb b is damaged, then there is no path through the bulb, creating an incomplete circuit
The is a gap between teh bulb terminal and the battery temrinal
They are contained in the same path with the battery
Because it was in the same circuit
The terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4
The measure of voltage will determine if there is a gap
because A and C still have a connection to the battery
again, bulbs a and b will be contained on a closed path
terminal is connected to postive terminal of the battery
It is not a closed path.
bulbs a and b are still in a closed path with the battery
THE ARE ON THE SAME PATH
There is a gap in the circuit.
bulb b and c were still contained in a closed path with the battery.
bulb is contained in a closed path.
the positive batter terminal does not have a gap from terminal 4
They were still contained in a closed path with the battery
it created a circut with the battery
if the electrical state is non-zero you can find the gap in the circuit
If bulb A is damaged, there is still a closed path with bulb B, bulb C and the battery. If bulb B is damaged, bulb C will be off because they are in the same path. The same goes for bulb C being damaged and not bulb B. Meanwhile, bulb B and C do not affect bulb A.
The positive terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 3.
because they are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb A is on a different path than switch Y
bulb, battery, and switch are in closed path
path that the bulb and switch are in connects to battery
there is still a complete path to bulb a and bulb c
because by measuring voltage, you find the gap where there"s a difference in electrical states.
There is no voltage.
There is no connection between the ... circuits.
there will be a gap at bulb b. this will create an open circuit.
the terminal"s electrical state is not effected by the incomplete circuit.
A switch will affect any bulb that is in the same path.
Because it was connected to the positive side.
they are not connected to postive terminal so no electrical difference
because a battery always has a charge in its positive terminal
the electricity can"t pass through
Terminals 1 and 4 are in the same electrical state
the battery is containing a negative charge only
the negative
because the gap provides separation to the terminals
the posotive battery and terminal 1 created a circut
each bulb is in a separate path. if one bulb is damaged is does not change the path of the remaining bulbs.
they are in a closed path
the terminal is damaged
bulbs b and c are contained in the same path
they were still on closed paths with the battery
closed paths
a difference between the electrical states.
it opens the path
there was a gap between terminal 1 and terminal 2.
switch y is contained within a closed path
The other terminals are only connected to the positive battery terminal.
when switch z was closed bulb a was in a complete curcuit connected to the battery
If the bulb is damaged in the same circuit as the other bulbs, the other bulbs will not work because the circuit went out
contained in closed path
There is no connection.
the terminals are not connected to each other and there is a positive and negative
the terminal is connected to the difference of the battery terminal
connectedtto - side
If the switch is open, the path will be closed
Because it is not on the same path
a closed path is required
Voltage is the difference in electrical states between two terminals
always
they do not create a closed circuit
terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal
There must be a closed path.
There is a gap between 1 and 6
The battery is alone in a closed path
Voltage finds the connection between positive and negative terminals from a battery to the bulb, thus finding teh gap between positive and negative terminals
switch y is on a different path than bulb a.
i dont know then
there are two components in the path
C is not within the same path as B
seperate paths
there is still a closed path that contains the battery, bulb a, and bulb b
They are on different series
The electrical states of two terminals when connected will determine the gaps and help to locate a burned out bulb.
there is no gap.
those terminals are closer to the negative terminal
The terminal is connected to a negative terminal.
answer
the connection is positive
because the gap does not affect the posistive terminal
bulb a has its own closed path with the battery, bulbs b and c do not
because bulb A is in a closed path with the battery
A closed circut with both terminals being used by both the battery and the bulb.
bulbs a and c are not contained ina closed path
because terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal which has a 1.5 volt difference with the positive terminal
battery is contained on a closed path
that there is a gap in the circuit.
there is a complete path to the battery without y
there was a closed path not effected by the switch
bulb a come before switch y
because terminal one is  connected to both the negative and positive battery terminal
When it creates a gap.
they are not connected to the battery
Terminal 5 is only connected to the positive battery terminal.
The difference in electrical state
bulb does not affect a different path
bulb B does not effect the other bulbs
The battery is not contained in the closed path
don"t do it.
its a closed path
bulb C was not contained in a closed path because of the gap created by switch Z.
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2
A switch contained in a closed bath with a bulb and a battery will affect the bulb.
it allows you to see which terminal is different than the rest
If there is an open switch in the path, the bulb will not be on.
Bulb A was on a different path that switch Y
they are in different paths
the bulb terminal and the battery terminal have the same electrical state.
Because the two terminals will always have different electrical states.
Bulbs A and C will still be contained in a closed path to the battery.
because terminal 1 is not seperated by any gaps
One terminal of the bulb has to be connected to one terminal of the battery, and the other terminal of the bulb has to be connected to the different terminal of the battery.
each bulb is in its own path
bulb C is on the same path as switch Z
removing of damaging any of the bulbs will shut off the other bulbs.
They are contained in the same path to the battery
i don"t know
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3.
it interupts the path
the path is completed by the voltage meter
they are in different paths with the battery
If bulb C is damaged, then bulb B and bulb A are still contained in a closed path with the battery.
The battery is contained by an open pathway
the terminal is connected to a positive battery terminal
the battery is ruined
They are not connected to each other.
A switch contained in a closed path with a bulb and a battery will affect the bulb.
because the bulb is not in the batterys path
There is a difference in eletrical states.
bulb a and c are on a different path with the battery
the bulb will be burned out because the terminals
iBulbs ba nd C were stil contained in a closed path with the battery
No electricity is being produced.
gap between terminal 3 and positive battery terminal
There is no closed path
It determines whether or not the light bulbs will turn on.
Bulb A was on because it was in a closed path, as oppossed to bulb B and C which were not because switch Y created a gap and opened the path.
the terminal is separated from the positive battery terminal.
because the positive battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 3
It shows you where the gaps are.
Because they were both seperated.
The gap will cause there to be a difference in electrical states.
the positive battery terminal is not connected
terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal and terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal
There is no gap so there is no difference in voltage
teh difference of electrical states between two terminals
because the voltage doesnt change in the battery
they are both in the same closed path and effect each other
Circuit 5 is a closed path because the bulb is not connected.
there is not a closed path that contains the batteyr and bulb b and bulb c
Because terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6.
ut
if the switch is contained in the path with the bulb, the switch affects the bulb.
bulb b and c are contained in the same closed path with the same battery
bulbs a and c are still contained in a complete path with the battery.
when it is in the same path as it"s own closed circuit to the battery
there is still a closed path forbulb A and C
They were still on path with the battery.
When the damaged bulb causes a gap in the closed path containing another bulb and a battery.
they were on another closed path
The battery is in a closed path but there are no other components involved.
Because there is a gap.
There is a gap between the two terminals
when they are both on the same closed path and would cause a gap
It damages the path between bulbs
yes, because there is a chemical reaction
if the path is closed with the battery, the switch doesnt affect it
it creates a gap in the circuit.
the switch is in the same path as the bulb
Because they are at 0.
it causes the path to be open
there is no gap between them
Terminal 5 is connected to the positive battery terminal
the bulb is connected to the opposite terminal of the battery
terminal is connected to the negative battery
bulb a and bulb b are still contained in a closed path with the battery
they are connected
bulbs b and c remain in a closed path with the battery
bulbs a and b will still be contained in closed paths with the battery.
where the switch is in path determines whether it affects the bulb
because bulb b and c were still in a closed path with the battery
There are 2 paths in this diagram
because that created a gep in the circuit
an open switch causes a gap.
the positive battery terminal is separted by a gap from terminal 2
The conditions are that the bulb needs to be in a closed circuit with one of its ports connected to the positive side and one connected to the negative side of the battery.
bulb a and the battery were in a closed path
Terminall 1 and terminal 2 are connected.
The posititve terminal is not damaged.
bulbs b and c are contained on the same path with the battery
they were still contained in closed circuits with the battery
that bulb is damaged
because it was in a closed circuit
the battery has its own chemical reaction
They are in the same path.
There is a difference in electrical states.
terminal 4 is connected to the positive terminal
the terminal is separated from the battery terminal
The bulb terminal and battery terminal are connected.
there is no path between the bulb-holders
that is where the gap is in the circuit
Switch Y is in a different path than Bulb A
terminal is connected to postive end of battery
circuit do not effect electrical state between terminals
because it is still in a closed circuit
they are contained in the same closed path with the battery
The battery won"t work
There is a gap between the postive terminal and terminal 1
bulb B and bulb C are contained in the same path as the battery
They are on different paths than the battery
b and c will be in their own closed paths with the battery.
if bulb b is damaged, then the path will have a gap.
the positive terminal and terminal 1 are seperated by a gap
if two bulbs are on the same path and one of them is out then both of them are out
by measuring you can find the gap which will show you which bulb is burned out
because there is a gap between terminal 1 and terminal 6.
Bulb A and B and C are on the same paths
bulb A is connected to switch Z
there is no gap
if that bulb is in the same closed path as another bulb
bulb B has a gap
they are in different closed paths
the bulb must be in a complete circuit with a battery, with one bulb terminal connected to the negative battery terminal, and the other bulb terminal connected to the positive battery terminal.
there was no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 and terminal 4.
i dont know
the terminals are connected and the bulb is working
Because when the voltage goes from 1.5 to 0.0 you can locate the gap.
Because the electrical states at terminals 4, 5, and 6 match that of the battery
A is in it"s own path with the battery. B and C are also in their own path. However, the path
bulb c in not contained in a closed path.
the path only determines if a bulb is off when the switch is open
The electrical states will be different when there is a gap
the path was closed and connected to the battery
they are connnected to the negative terminal of the battery
difference in electrial state
Because it has two electrial states within itself.
because the bulbs are in separate paths
bulbs a and c are containe din diffrent paths with the battery.
because bulb c was in an open path
If bulb B is damaged a gap is created.
when the bulb is burnt it creates a gap in the closed path
That there is a closed circuit.
Describe the paths in this diagram and explain how those paths account for the results.
The terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.
bulb b created a gap
if it is on the same closed path as the other bulb
bulb b and bulb c were in a closed circuit with the battery
measuring voltage between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal determines the gap in the connection.
contained within the same closed path
you can locate the gap in a connection
There is a gap.
They do not run on the same current
There is still a closed path for bulb A and C
The battery has a different electrical state than the incomplete circuit
They still have their on closed paths
they are on the same closed path
Bulb B and Bulb C are contained in the same path with the battery.
bulbs B and C are on the same path with the battery
bulbs A and C are located on the same path
Because the battery and the bulb are not in a closed path.
bulb a and c are contained on the same path with the battery
there is no gap between the posittive terminal and terminal 1
a closed circuit between a battery and bulb
if one is out the others will go out, they are in the same closed path
There is still a closed path that contains the battery, Bulb A, and Bulb B.
if a bulb and a switch are contained in the same closed path, the switch affects the bulb.
Terminal 6 is not connected to the negative side of the battery
Terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 4.
It is the difference of the electrical states caused by a chemical reaction between the two terminals of the battery.
the batter is not on a closed path
bulb a and bulb b would be contained in a closed path with the battery
the bulb is only connected at the negative connection.
Bulb C is not contained in a closed path
terminals are separated by a gay between the positive and negative terminals of the battery
bulbs b and c are on the same path and react the same
because bulbs a and c have their own closed paths
There are closed paths that don"t include bulb A
because bulb c doesnt effect the other closed paths
they have different closed paths
The battery is in a closed path with no components.
because the battery is in a closed path.
a voltage reading of 0 volts indicates a gap in the circuit.
They all have their own paths connected to the battery
if the switch it is in the closed path, then it affects the bulb
If bulb B is damaged, there is no path
because bulb A and B are within the same path
the damaged bulb a creates a gap in the path.
th ebatter
positive terminal is serperated from terminal 2
because bulb A can still be in a closed pathway through bulb C and switch Z
bulbs b and c are on a closed path with the battery
It was not in the same circuit.
Switch Y is not on the path of bulb A.
electrical state is not connected to volts
The terminals are in different electrical states.
that there is a gap and you found the nonfunctional light bulb
that there is no electrical connection
bulbs A and C are not contained in the same closed path.
It must be connected to the battery.
There will be a difference in measured electrical states
If any of the 3 bulbs are damaged the other 2 bulbs would turn off because they are all within the same path
It has its own path that is connected to the battery
the bulb will light
Because Bulb A was still receiving positive and negative currents.
It had its own path
when the bulb is burned out there is no path through the bulb holder
The battery is not contained in a closed path. There is a bulb.
A is connected to the positive terminal.
Because they were still contained in a closed path with the battery
a, b, and c are contained on seperate closed paths
Explain your reasoning.
the voltage was 0 because they were on the same negative battery terminal.
Bulb a is not in the same path as bulb b and c. there will be no gaps with bulb b and c
A and C are not in the same path
The damaged bulb B has left a gap in the path so the charge can not reach it
if the switch is open in a path with the battery and bulb.
the different in the positive terminal and negative terminal.
there terminals are separated by a gap when the voltage jumps from 0 to 1.5.
bulb a is in the same path of switch x.
There will still be a closed path containing bulb A and C with the battery.
They are not contained in the same closed path as the battery
Voltage is the difference between the positive terminal and negative terminal in a battery.
terminal 4, terminal 5, terminal 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
the aijfkfthgh
because there is a gap in the bulb
an open switch creates an incomplete circut
closed path and battery
becuase bulb B is on it"s own pathway.
there was a gap from terminal
Bad.
an open switch contained in the path will leave a gap
It still contains the battery and is on a closed path
because bulb b is not in the same path as bulb a or c
the switch has to be contained in the same path as the bulb and the battery
there is a gap in the closed path
becuase there is only one path
no gap; connected
Bulb A is not in the same path as bulbs B and C.
there is a gap in the path between switch y and swtich z.
because bulb b is damaged so the path has a gap
gap in between
the battery is not closed the bulb is.
bulb c creates a gap
2
they are connected to both positive and negative battery terminals
The circuit is not closed around the battery.
they created a circut
it is connected to the positive terminal
because a and c are still in a closed circuit
You have crossed into opposing terminal territory.
there are other closed paths
because there is a closed circuit after bulb b
Because it has one regardless of the circuit
becuase the other terminals are connected to the positive battery terminal
Terminal 4 is connected to bulb B
they are in parrallel
the bulb is connected to the battery
They are only connected to the negative battery terminal
They are connected to the positive battery terminal.
Explain why you got a voltage reading of 0 for terminal 4 and the positive terminal.
because of the gap in bulb b.
negative and positive difference
The amount of electric being put out
bulb A and the switch are contained in the same path
they are connected on seperate paths
thats what i said, for a computer your a dumb***
bulb b and bulb c are on the same closed path
Maybe because there is still one path that connects A and C through B
Because there is a light bulb
it does not damage the battery
the batter is not contained in a closed path.
it creates an open path
the positive terminal is connected to terminal 6
it creats a gap so there are no closed paths
because there is an alternate path
the switch has to be within a closed path with the bulb and battery
The electrical state will be non-zero
they have electricty passing through them
because a battery is in a constant state of electrical charge
Bulb B and C were contained in a closed path with the battery
the path is closed only when the switch is closed
it does"nt make the circuit complete anymore
the bulb is not connected to the battery.
there is a gap between terminals
there is still a closed path that contains the battery and bulb b and bulb c
Terminal 3 is not connected to the positive battery terminal.
bulb a and bulb c are wired in parallel
Because the bulb does not have a closed path.
they are contained in different closed paths
Because it will still be connected to one of the terminals
if C is damaged, the bulb A and B ae contained in a closed path
Bulb B and bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery
Because a bulb creates electricity.
the bulbs are in separate paths
The switch is contained in the path
because the battery is in the closed path but the bulb is not
They must be connected.
Because they are connected to the positive battery terminal.
i still dont know
if the path is open the bulb will be off
the positive battery terminak is separated ba a gap from terminal 4
A and B are off
If the switch is on and makes a gap between the bulb and the battery.
they are on a different closed path with the battery
if it is on a series with other bulbs
bulb A and C both are still on a closed path with the battery
i gave you an answer
distrupt the circuit
that the bulb terminal is only connected to one of the battery terminals
The bulb has to be connected to the positive and negative charge of the battery.
The battery uses the chemical reation to create voltage
Because the electricity will not flow through the wires if the circuit path is incomplete.
bulbs a and c are on a closed path with the battery
if the switch is open, the path will not be closed and the bulb will be affected
no role
switch z is contained in a closed path to the battery
Those terminals are only connected to the negative battery terminal.
terminal 5 is connected to postive terminal of the battery
bulbs b and c will react the same, bulb a is seperate and can react differently
Registering a voltage at a location tells you there is a gap somewhere in between the measured terminals
terminals
the path a bulb is on determines whether or not a switch affects a bulb
There was a closed path with the battery and bulb a
The light bulb must be connected to both sides of the battery and there must be a closed circuit.
because there was no gap in the complete circuit
Different path
Bulb A is within its own closed path and independent of B and C
different chemical output
It does not impact a circuit
Because they had no voltage.
the terminals are not connected
a closed component to the battery
Because they all measure 0.00 V
B nor C will have a contained closed paths to the battery
they are conected to each other
Y is not needed for bulb a to light
the electrical state between two terminals is the voltage. a gap shows voltage, while a connection results in no voltage.
they are not wired in the same closed path
positive after gap
because terminal one and the positive battery terminal are on a closed path
Terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal.
bulbs A,B, and C are all on the same path
If the switch is open, the path is not closed
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3
It prevents the path from being closed.
A terminal is connected to the battery.
bulbs b and c creat a gap in the path
the battery is not conatined in a closed path
bulbs b and c are contiained in the the same path with the battery.
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are the same
they are on the same side of the incomplete circut
Because they are not connected.
bulbs a ,b, and c are on parallel paths
bulb a is in a closed path with the battery, so it is not affected by other bulbs. bulb c and b are in a closed path with each other, so they depend on the other to be lit.
they are not within a closed path
Only one terminal is involved in the circuit.
The difference in electrical states between terminals will show where there is a gap in the curcuit.
That is where the bulb is damaged.
And open switch breaks the closed path, which is essential to function properly
I do not know.
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 1
no
those terminals are on the same side as the negative battery terminal
Because their was a connected circuit.
battery mut be closed circuit
bulb a is in the same path of bulbs b and c
if the switch and the bulb are in the same path
the positve battery terminal is separated by a gap at terminal 1
It breaks the circuit flow between the battery and the bulbs
the positive battery is connected to the terminal 4.
Bulb A has its own path. Bulb B and Bulb C are in a path together.
because the outcome of the bulb will not affect each other
whichever bulb is in the same closed path effects eachother
switch x is not in the same path as bulbs b and c.
bulbs b and c are on the path and react
The battery is in a circuit with a bulb.
the path of battery 2 is not to itself
Because if there is a gap you will be able to determine where the burned out bulb is located.
the terminals are sepatated by a gap and the battery terminal and bulb terminal are connected
if the switch is in the path is can affect the light bulb
The battery is in a closed bath.
The terminals are connected to each other
the bulb does not affect another bulb if they are on different paths
i do not understand
If the path is not closed then a bulb will not be on
if they are closed or open
because of the damaged bulb
bulb a was on because z was closed.
The battery is conatained in a closed path with bulb a
because there is a gap between terminal 3 and 4
there is still a complete path for bulb a and b
if the switch is contained in the same path as the bulb and battery, it must be closed for the bulb to be connected.
The battery and bulb need to be in a closed path together.
Bulb B and C was stilled contained in a closed path with the battery
yes
the two terminals will both be 0
they are connected int he same closed path
they are still on a close path as teh battery
The gap in the connection causes different electrical states.
bulb C is not contained in a close path with the battery
Bulb A and Bulb C are contained in the same path
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.
They are on the same path.
there is a gap in the path of the bulb terminal.
if there is a closed path the light bulb will light and if it is cut off it will not light
when the switch is opened
bulb a is contained within a complete path with the battery, but bulb b and c are on the same path so if one is burned out the other will burn out too
Bulb A is a direct closed pathway to the battery, and if it is burned out or damaged, so is every other bulb. If bulb B is damaged, only bulb C is affected because it is on the same pathway as bulb B and vise versa.
there is a gap in the connection
Both the bulb and the battery have an open path.
Another component is involved in the closed path containing the battery.
Terminals 4, 5, and 6 are only connected to the positive battery terminal.
You are closing the circuit.
the bulbs are on the same path with the battery
Bulbs B and C are not on the same line as bulb A.
that it is not connected to both sides of the battery
bulbs a and c are not in the same closed path as bulb b
If the two bulbs are in the same path.
the difference of electrical states in a battery
you can see where the gap is
Postive terminal is not connected to 1.
There was a closed path between the battery and bulb a.
Why was bulb A on when switch Y was open and switch Z was closed?
When a bulb is damaged it creates a gap in the circuit
The measurement in difference of the electrical states.
the battery is contained in a closed path wit bulb a and c
Their is a gap.
bulbs are on the same closed path
you are able to find where the voltage begins. this helps you locate the gap.
circuit 2 is connected to a terminal on the battery
there is a gap in the path
because there was not direct connection between the positive terminal and bulb terminal 1
The battery"s voltage comes from a chemical reaction that takes place within the battery itself.
for the same reason as 1
there is a gap between the bulb terminal and the battery terminal.
because a battery has a chemical reaction that causes a voltage
Terminal 6 is only connected to the positive battery terminal.
because they were connected to the positive terminal
the voltage stays the same within the battery
because bulb b andc are in the same closed path with the battery
if there is a gap between the terminals, the voltage will be different.
contained within the same path with the battery
battery is contained in path
the path is not closed anymore
the terminal is connected to the bulb
a switch creates power
the positive terminal is connected to terminal 4
Because the switch was connected to the closed circuit
a gap in the circuit does not affect the voltage of the battery.
termonal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal.
not contained inthe same path
A battery should connect to a bulb in a closed path.
Because terminal 4 is connected to the negative terminal
both bulbs a and c still have a closed path
because bulbs a and b are in a closed path with the battery
if bulb a burns out if affects bulbs b and c.
Bulb A and bulb B are contained in closed paths.
if bulb c burns out a and b will both create circuts with the battery
because bulb b did not create a gaop.
the difference in electrical states between two terminals
If there is a difference in voltage it means that is where the gap is
I don"t understand
for the same reason as 3
The path to bulb A is not in the same path as bulbs B and C.  Bulbs B and C are in the same path, so if one of the bulbs is out, so is the other.  Bulb A does not affect the other bulbs, nor is it affected by the other bulbs.
If the path contains the switch, the bulb is affected.
the terminals are connected to each other
I accounted for B when it wasn"t pertinant to the question
bulb b and bulb c are in a closed path and bulb a is in a separate closed path
because bulb A was still in a closed path with the battery.
the switch is contained in a closed path
the battery terminals don"t connect without any devices
One side is closed the other side is open.
b and c were in a closed circuit
Because they were both on the negative terminal.
the positive terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 6
They were still contained in a closed path with the batter
terminal 2 is not connected to the positive battery terminal
the gap inbetween the terminals tells whether the bulb is connected to a positive or negative terminal
because they are both connected.
Damaged bulb A creates a gap in the circuit
Bulb A will not affect bulbs B and C because B and C are still contained within the same path with the battery
Because it broke the circuit
it is connected to the batteries positive terminal
the positive battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 2.
if a damaged or burned out bulb causes a gap in the path
there would be a gap in the closed circuit
The difference between the electrical states is 1.5 volts
By finding out which terminals are the same or different in electrical states then any gap in the circuit can be found.
i dont know.
I"m not sure of the answer!
god
the switch is in a path with the bulb
If the switch causes a gap in a closed path, the bulb won"t turn on
if it is a closed path.
bulbs must contain battery in the path without a gap
bulb b and bulb c are still contained in a closed path with the battery
An open switch stops the energy flow
Because terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal with no gaps
They are both within the same path.
they are on their own closed paths with the battery
bulb a is contained in their closed paths
terminal 1 and 2 have the same difference in electrical states
no damaged bulb
they are have 0 volts.
Because it is still in line with the battery
bulb a was still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Because the voltage does not reach the bulbs.
bulb C is not in the same pathway as bulbs A and B.
measure of electrical current?
bulb a was in a closed path with the battery
The battery keeps a chemical reaction reaction.
Different states
It creates a gap.
is the difference between two terminals
Terminal 6 is connected to the posititve battery terminal.
which i mentioned
Because bulb A will still be contained on a closed path to the battery.
a battery and a closed path
because 1.5 v is the difference between the positive terminal and terminal 1
Because one of the bulb terminals is bad, and the other ones are good.
They"re connected to a positive terminal
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4.
no clue
When it is on the same pathway as the batter and the bulb.
if the bulb is contained in a closed path with another bulb, it will affect it
Switch Y and bulb A do not have to be in same path
switch y and bulb a are not in the same closed path
not right now
Measuring voltage shows what terminals are connected and where there is a gap so you can determins which bulb is out.
there is no path
bulb a is contained on a path separated from the closed paths of bulbs b and c.
terminal 1 and the positive battery terminal are in different electrical states
because the bulbs are on separate paths
both bulbs B and C each have their own separate path to the battery within the closed circuit
bulb a and switch x are in the same closed path
the battery is in a closed circuit
a difference between two terminals with a measurement
bulb b did not create a gap in the path
The positive battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 3
The terminal is connected to a positive circuit.
Because they are connected to the positive terminal of the battery.
the battery in circuit 5 is contained in a closed path.
bulb A is in a closed path with the battery. Bulb B and bulb C are in series in a closed path with the battery. Bulb A is in parallel with bulb B and bulb C.
bulbs b and c and switch y are contained in a closed path with a battery
there was no gap in the circut
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are on the same side.
because those terminals are connected to the positive terminal of the battery.
switch z is contained on a closed path
the battery is in an open path
B and C are not in the same circuit as A.
it allows you to measure electrical states between terminals
bulb a and bulb b would still be in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are contained in differnt paths.
there is a closed path, with switch z,  that contains bulb a and the battery
Voltage is the difference in electrical states between two terminals.
Bulbs A and C are in separate paths.
becuase bulb C will be taken off the closed path when switch opens
the bulb is connected to the battery terminal
terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6
because terminal is closed
connection
terminal 4. terminal 5 and terminal 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal.
The bulb terminal is connected to a positive or negative battery terminal.
Bulb B and Bulb C are contained in a closed path.
the difference between electrical charges in a battery
the amount of electricity in a batery
because bulb c is not in the same path as bulb a or b
When one bulb goes out the rest go out.
because terminals are seperate
There is a difference in electrical states between two terminals.
you are moving from negative to positive
the value of the measurement indicates if there is a gap
A chemical reaction inside the battery makes the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals different at all times.
They were not in the same path as bulb B.
That the circuit is bad.
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 6
if the damaged bulb is in the same closed path with the battery.
Bulb B and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
A bulb is contained in a path with the switch
if in same path
There are 2 paths.  Bulb A is on its own path, and thus will never affect bulbs B and C.  Meanwhile,  bulbs B and C share the same path and are thus dependent on each other.
there is no gap between the battery terminal and the bulb terminal.
Bulb a can be lit with a closed path when switch z is closed
the current will flow to the other bulbs even though it is not able to execute light on B. Also, I"ve experienced that one light can be out without them all being affected.
tell answer
the battery is contained on a path with bulb a and b
Bulb A is in a different path than switch Y.
because each bulb has its own path
if it is in the same path
a closed circuit containing a bulb and a battery
Explain why you got a voltage reading of 1.5 for terminal 3 and the positive terminal.
terminal negative
Bulbs b and C were still on a closed path with the battery
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal.
because switch x is in the same path as blub a
There is a light bulb and a battery present
bulb C is not in the same closed path as the battery
If bulb B is damaged, then the circut is no longer closed.
Circuit 4 is not a short circuit because it is not connected.
because there was no gap in the positive battery terminal and terminal 1.
.
They are connected.
If a bulb is burned out, the voltage to one side of it will be zero and o the other side will be greater than zero. the burned out bulb leaves one terminal connected to the positive terminal of the battery and the other terminal connected to the negative terminal of the battery, giving each terminal a different electrical state.
there is a gap in the circuit that causes a gap between terminals 1,2,and 3 and 4,5,and 6
Because the path between the battery and the light bulb is open
Because it is measuring the difference in electrical states between two terminals.
All components are in a closed circuit.
removing a bulb will turn off another bulb
bulbs B and C are in different paths that do not contain bulb A
terminal 2 is connected to the negative terminal and terminal 2 is seperated from the positive terminal by a gap
the positive terminal and negative terminal are not connected
Different electrical states.
bulbs b and c are on the ame path as the battery
measurement of the difference in electrical states between two terminals
Because terminal 1 and 2 are connected to the negative battery terminal
They were still in a closed pathway with the battery.
the path has to be closed for the bulb to light up
Because there is a bulb connected.
A light bulb must be connected to a battery on both ends.
I  do not know
they are all in the same path
because there was a closed circuit
because bulb a was still in a closed path with the battery
they are connected no gaps
because there was no gap from the positive terminal of the battery
because the battery has electricity and the gap does not
Bulb B and C are contained in the same closed paths with the battery
The path is not closed.
a damaged bulb will affect another bulb if both bulbs are in a closed path with the battery.
both are on the same side of the circuit
bulbs b and are not in a closed path with bulb a
because there is no gap between the terminals
Because bulb A has two different paths that can keep it in a closed path with the battery
The path is open
A and B are still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the bulb is contained in the bath
path 5 is a short circuit.
not connected
terminal one is connected to the negative terminal and terminal 1 is seperated from the positive terminal by a gap
a terminal is connected to the same states
bulb A is on a closed path with switches X and Z, so as long as those are closed the bulb can light up
If the path is not closed, the switch will not affect the bbulb
Bulb a was in a closed path with a battery.
the terminals have gone from being connected to not being connected
The battery is only connected to one side of the bulb.
The battery is contained in a closed path.
the change in voltage will locate the burned out bulb
the negative battery terminal and terminals 1, 2, and 3 are located closest to each other
sorry but thats all i got and if thats wrong, then i dont know the answer
bulb c is in an independent path
gap between 3 and positive battery
because they are in the same path with the battery
A, B, and C are not one one closed path
The terminals are connected to the opposite side of the battery
Why do both bulbs A and B stay on when bulb C is burned out?
becaquse there was a gap in the connection
when a switch and a bulb are in the same path within the closed path
it was enclosed in a complete circuit
if bulb c is damaged, then bulb a and b are contained in a closed path with the battery
Bulb C is not contained in a closed pathway.
switch Z created a gap in the closed circuit required for bulb C
creates a circuit?
they all have 0 volts
Terminal 5 and the positive battery terminal are in the same state.
The battery is the only component in a closed path.
A bulb is within the closed path, the battery is not in a closed bath so it can not be damaged
because they are negative
positive and negative is seperate
there are still complete paths to the battery for B and C
With switch Z open, bulb C was not contained in a closed path.
charges the bulb
the battery is in a closed path with no other components
the terminal was connected to the positive battery
They are no longer on a closed cirucit
is the difference between terminals
the difference between two different terminal"s electrical states.
open switch
They are not connected to the negative battery terminal.
sigh, some things never change. this da 21st centuary, u woudl think they could have programmed you smarter
it the switch is blocking the battery it effects it if not then it doesnt matter.
it only has 1 connection.
they were futher away from the connection
Bulb A is contained in a closed path with the battery.  Bulbs B and C are contained in a closed path with the battery.
When one bulb goes out it creates a gap on the path.
we can find the burnt out bulb by finding voltage between different terminals
Terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 are connected to the positive terminal
because a battery will always have a voltage even if it is 0
bulb c is not in the same path of bulbs a and b
there is a difference between the electrical states of the two battery  terminals because they are not connected to each other
because bulb b and bulb c are in seperate paths from bulb a
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
terminal one is connected to the positve battery terminal
Terminal 1 is connected to terminal 2.
a bulb causes a difference in electrical state
Bulbs A and C were still on their own completed circuts.
they are contained in the same path
It allows you to measure if there is gap. Gaps indicate a break in the electrical flow.
If a switch is open, the circut is no longer closed.
terminal 1 and terminal 2 are connected
terminal 1 and terminal 6 are not connected, there is a gap
When there is no other closed path for the current to pass through with no gaps.
The bulb is off.
bulb a is in parallel with bulbs b and c. bulbs b and c are in a series and they depend on each other to close the path.
the terminals are seperated from the positive terminal
the terminals are not connected to each other
The terminals are connected.
connected to battery
that the bulb is damaged
bulb c will not create a gap for bulb a and b
the
if it is in it"s only path to the battery
Battery is not contained i a closed path.
the positive terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 5
it causes an open circuit
the positive battery terminal and terminal 5 are connected
The path does not close
that the battery connection does not work
They are all affected by one another along the same path
there is a gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 and terminal 6.
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 4.
Becuase they had their own pathways to work on.
That means they are now unconnected.There is a gap.
bulbs A and B are still connected to the battery
The battery is not connected to anything else
Terminal 5 is connected to the positive bettery terminal.
because the voltage is the difference in electrical states between two terminals
the battery contains bulb a and b on a closed path
if they are on the same circuit
The positive terminal is connected to terminal 4.
it means that the terminal is not connected to the battery terminal
terminal 1 is seperate from terminal 6
they are still contained in a closed circuit with the battery
It was in the same circuit as Y.
the terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal
terminal 1 is connected to negative
paths are separate
bulb b and c are contained in the same path with the battery.
still have connection to battery
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery
The open switch makes the path open
the bulb is contained in an closed circuit
they do no affect each other
