It will stick to iron and not aluminum.
The part that grows into a plant.
Diva needed to test pure sugar because if she just tested Fruity Cream cookies, she would have no proof of them having less milliliters than pure sugar.
When the string is longer, the pitch will be lower.
2. Put something on the sides of the grid to hold it down. 4. Then color it.
Yes. Because the sun hits the boxes and the inside gets really warm. So the thermometer will show the temp.
The A one is kind of bluer and it must have been smooth because it does not have any bumps. B you could see it was bumpy.
It is a square with little Xs on it.
Yes because it has iron in it.
Magnetism is strong.
The leave, stem, and spout.
You use a standard because when you change something which is a variable. That when you change it, you know when you did before.
Because it is darker than yellow so it might attract to the sun to make the pool hotter.
When the event happens and time between them.
Because the energy still has a countless form of energy.
Because we looked in the magnifying glass.
Vibrations did.
No, because a piece of string does not have electricity in it.
30, because if you could change A on B so you A and C.
Because the crystals from the calcite test were long and skinny. The salt crystals were fat and had designs on.
Because the electricity is going to the motor.
It lets electricity go through.
I chose this answer because the shape and design looks the same.
You could see the roof and on top of you.
It would still work.
The salt went through the filter because the salt mix with water to make saltwater. Sand the sand got caught because it is just like the powder it sticks to the sides.
It has a shadow because the sun is facing one part of the tree and the dark part of the tree becomes a shadow.
Evaporating separates the 2.
40 meters. The change in elevation is 20 meters between A and B and 20 meters between B and C. So the change between A and C is 40 meters. 20 m plus 20 m equals 40 m.
To evaporate.
Yes because all she has to do is put the motor and the light bulb on the same wire and put the switch in the middle.
It will end up there because clay can be broken up into such tiny parts or sediments that it is easily carried by the water and will end up probably the farthest out in the lake.
A. Because her box got the highest temperature. And it had more room to heat it up.
Because here I tried this with my reading book and it is thinner or it did not stick.
Calcite reacts with vinegar.
Its distance 15 centimeters.
When you only change one variable at a time.
The salt crystals look like squares.
X, It is lighter.
Because you look at the finger patterns.
The water overlaps the area around the creek during a flood.
Maybe Jin's group did it by doing it up to down and Bee's group did it by going around.
Yes because it needs to vibration.
I used subtracting the B from A.
One loop is on the left, the other loop is on the right.
Protect the baby plant.
The difference is the mineral have a little X in the rock have more color.
No Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar because it is fruity. Fruity means it is fruit.
X, They added more solute into the solution x than solution y. That is why solution x is heavier.
To show her dad the cookies are not equal to pure sugar.
Because all solid has different crystals.
It was louder because the string was tighter.
The magnet will stick.
A. Dry soil is A because dry soil is a earth material and absorbs the sun's energy more than B.
The wires are not even.
He could get a filter and pour the solution into to it with a cup under.
The string makes a low pitch.
Does it have juice.
You will know because the magnet will stick or not.
Because the river leads to an open delta.
You cannot because a piece of string is not steel metal or iron so it cannot go through.
They are loop.
Sammy - Because they are made out of different stuff.
Hard skin.
Because the contour lines are close to each other.
When the mixture is clear and no material is on the bottom.
It will change the pitch.
A solution is 2 materials put together and the one dissolves. And on a mixture they stay so you can see it.
Because of the vibrations it makes.
The short string has a higher pitch. The longer string has a lower pitch.
The magnets do not touch each other because either the north and north sides are facing each other or on the south and south sides are facing each other.
Deltas are formed by deposition that is when earth materials are carried away then let off at another place to form a delta.
Because there is a full circuit.
2. He can get a smaller picture of his neighbor.
The root and stem of a plant.
The metal of the tire rim or under the car or the outside of the car except the windows. Only if the metal has iron.
When important events happened.
The magnet will stick to iron not to aluminum.
The light and motor goes on.
In a solution one of the materials dissolves and the mixture is see through.
I chose it because the wire is not connected right to the D-cell.
A heat sink heats up slowly and cools down slowly.
Bigger grams.
Yes. The black absorbs heat and energy, plus, the container is closed so the heat would be trapped inside.
Because the equal part is touching.
The rock would be covered by bubbles and fizz.
Because he took the same amount from each bottle.
So the seed does not die.
She will get the results with the biggest grease spot. For the most fat.
283 meters, Because A is higher.
Because both cup one and 2 are already concentrated. Neither cup one or 2 can hold any more solvent.
Because the sun hits the tree with light and part of the tree is breaking it creates a shadow.
Because Fruitsnap does not have any vitamin C.
If it runs.
The light bulb will not work.
Because they use marbles and apple.
The mixture was clear and eggshell was gone.
The switch is not turned to the left.
I agree with her because when you talk, your vocal cords moves and when you hear a sound, the things that made that sound must move and vibrate.
I learned it in class.
It is different because in other mixtures the liquid dissolves but in a solution the solid material dissolves.
Topaz is the hardest because none of them can scratch it but at least one them can scratch X, Y, Z.
Rub them to see if one scratches the other.
During deposition earth materials are moved to different places.
Because you can make you hand is hurt.
I added A and B 10 minutes and divided the sum by 2 and got the average.
A. The evidence that supports my answer is the chart or table. I looked at both the temperatures and solar water heaters and I decide, using the chart or table, that A is Julie's.
Where they threw.
A heat sink is a temperature the water heats up very slowly.
A. Water is a heat sink and will heat up slow but there is no water in dry soil so it heats up fast.
Some twigs, rocks and air.
Because it did not have any vitamin C.
It does not have the wire to make it a complete circuit.
Minerals X has 2 of them in a paperclip and penny. And the Y, Z and the minerals Y is the hardest in it.
He will know it is a conductor if the motor spins.
Because she walled know now the side where and how steep they are and elevation.
Don wants to make a map of his neighborhood that fits into his notebook. He has a photograph of the neighborhood but it is too large. Complete the description of how Don can draw an accurate map that fits into his notebook: 1. Put an overlay grid over the model. 2. ____ 3. Draw a smaller grid with the same number of squares in your notebook. 4. ____ 5. Create a key to go with the map.
The lines are closer together.
No it is not metal.
I know it is Z because it has one yes and 2 no's.
The salt has the letter X.
Because they are going in a complete circuit.
It will still work.
That the solid dissolved in the solute! That with one spoon. It is clear and with 3 spoons it is clear so the solid will dissolve in the solute!
Because it does not have vitamin C in it.
Wendy is making an electromagnet. She wrapped a long, insulated wire around an iron nail. What should Wendy do next to complete the electromagnet?
It could evaporate the water from the salt. The solid crystallized and the water turned into a gas called water vapor.
Paula wants to test a food to see if it contains acid and/or sugar. When Paula added water and yeast to a sample of the food and put the mixture in a warm water bath, the mixture began to fizz and bubble. What does this chemical reaction indicate?
Yes. The black box will get hotter than the white because the black box can hold more heat.
What time everything happened.
When he put the 2 spoons in the 50 milliliters in of water he will get 2 times for water then mixture.
It is going higher by the minute.
Because the salt is evaporated already and the sand cannot because it is hard and it is gravel.
Because I used a compass.
Why I chose the dark green sheeting was because the darker color absorbs heat.
That will happen because there is an open circuit so the electricity will travel to the source.
I think it would be the same because there is no change in variables.
To let the people know there are trouble so they need to hurry in the traffic.
The first paperclips gets strong and give it to these conduct and they are one.
A solution is separated but a mixture is a bunched up together.
I chose that answer because it has a positive and a negative.
It is a circle.
Because it showed what alum looks like at the bottom.
Because when she hit the tuning against the table and put it in a cup of water and the water splashed.
Out of it.
Look at the picture of the bean seedling shortly after germination. Describe the function of each of the parts: seed coat.
The more the block, the less it goes, the less the blocks, the farther it goes.
Rub them together to see if scratch the other.
Because it will not do nothing and it will not wick.
Yes it is metal.
The light bulb will cut on.
The electricity is flowing from a positive to a positive end, when the negative should give the electricity to the motor and back to a positive end.
Because it is not complete.
No, because the circuit need to be connected on both sides.
Because the sun is in the north.
If the light is on or off.
By dissolving and in water the sand moves around in it.
23 meters, I know because all you do is draw a line to line C.
A mechanical advantage. A single fixed pulley gives you a directional advantage.
Sammy - It is Sammy.
Yes because that object can hold electricity throughout.
Emily put 20 milliliters of a mystery solution in an evaporation dish. When all the water was gone, she drew the picture of the dish you see here.  Using the crystal-shape key below, what chemical do you think was dissolved in the solution? A. Epsom salt B. Sodium thiosulfate (C. Alum) D. None of the above. Explain why you chose that answer.
Because the sun is up.
Scratch them together.
I think the time is staying the same of speed of light.
Another shelter.
Because it is the shortest one and it do not have that much time to come up.
Amber predicted that a black covered box would heat up faster than a white covered box. She took 2 identical shoe boxes and wrapped one with white paper and the other with black paper. She punched a hole in each box, stuck a thermometer into each hole, and put both boxes in the sun. Every 5 minutes, Amber recorded the temperature in each box. Will the data support Amber's prediction? Explain your answer.
You get what time an important event happened.
Yes because aluminum foil is a conductor.
No, because Electricity can only go thorough objects that contain metal.
It is like x like 50 times 2 equals 100 so then 2 spoons of solute equals 50.
The more scoops of fertilizer the bigger they get. The more scoops of fertilizer the smaller they get.
If the light bulb burns out, the motor will not work.
The flowers.
A controlled experiment is when you only change one variable at a time.
They both have material on the bottom.
She would know because the one that is scratched is the one that is least hard and the one that is not scratched is the one that is hardest.
I picked cup B because I thought it would have more spoons of solute than cup A.
By pouring the water into the salt.
Where she threw the ball.
When you let it go you can see it make a vibration that makes the sound.
A long string has more room to vibrate so it makes a low sound and it is opposite for a short string.
Some leaves and some wood.
The electricity is moving through the circuit.
He can look at them really hard and compare them with others.
Nathaniel - Nathaniel's because it is wood and it is different sizes.
They controlled where they throw their ball.
You would see the opposite face of the shape.
If the sun is in the east the shadow is on the west. If the shadow is on the south then the shadow is on the north.
Overly Orange had the most vitamin C because it does not use the most amount of drops.
I separated the salt from the water because the salt are on the rocks that are on the bottom and the water is on the top.
Because it has more spoons of solute but it has the same amount of water.
Topaz is harder than X, Y, and Z because Topaz cannot be scratched by a fingernail, a penny, or a paperclip so it is the hardest.
Which side has more string is a lower pitch. Whichever side has more string it has a lower pitch.
They all brought different balls. They all started at different starting points.
Well, they change the way erosion goes faster or lower and if it slides or not.
No, because it does not have a wire and it cannot get energy.
Because it vibrates.
Use the same marbles.
Louder.
No because the negative on the side for the bulb might have to have the energy from the motor going in and it will go back and forth.
Sammy's - Because you are going to hear the difference easier.
This will happen because the other 2 bulbs will have a its own pathway, and it is a parallel circuit.
Because it has more and more direction to go.
The other bulbs will stay on because it is a parallel circuit.
Because it is an instrument of the orchestra.
Because it is the biggest one because the air can not go through it very fast.
One is a loop and one is arch.
One of them is darker than the other.
You will know because it will start to work.
Sammy - Sammy's method because if we use wood blocks of different sizes then some of the block could sound the same and wood, metal, plastic sound different.
It got high.
Holds seed coat.
Because if you just took 50 milliliters of water out of each, they would be equal. I got this one wrong.
Because all things make sound.
She would know by the volume tube.
20 grams plus 10 grams equals 30 grams.
That it is a new solid material.
Because I carried a ball before and it felt like to me it is 30 grams.
Because 20 centimeters is in the middle 10 centimeters and 30 centimeters so I guessed in between.
Because when the rock breaks. They break into pieces that land heavier from gets.
Anna can put both samples on 2 different pieces of paper and see which one makes a bigger grease spot.
Katie got a guitar for her birthday. She experimented with the strings and found she could change their sounds. One way Katie could change the sound of a string was to tighten it. Describe how the sound was different when the string was tightened.
To put the tape on it and look to see if it is the same type.
The amount of acid in the food.
The car is made of iron or steel.
It will conduct electricity.
No because one has more water which will make the solution heavier than the other.
Yes. Because black absorbs heat and white does not absorb heat.
The cotyledon or the seed is the seed coat came off.
I was not here when we did it.
This happens because in the morning the sun rises north that is why the bus points in the street. The bus points the opposite direction, because the sun sets west.
By how much carbon dioxide. The fattest bag.
Because the solid did not dissolve.
Jack changed the number of marbles.
The information I get from the stream table logs that I do not get from the maps is how long it took for it to form.
I see the same picture or shape.
You get from a stream table log is a log that tells main events in a certain time and not from a stream table map.
Take other crystals and compare to see which ones are kind of the same.
They all look the same, but some of them look different and then really small.
Because they have the same amount of water but cup 2 has more spoons of solute.
Because When you put the tuning fork in the water you can see the vibrations.
The clay is like wet sand and it is by the river.
I think X and Y's temperature would be the same because it is the same just flipped.
How they all threw balls. They all should do the same position.
Because once the clay is picked up it is moved and dropped off outside of the mouth.
No, because it might be a different amount of the solid in it.
It is the only one because the wire is touching the middle and the battery is touching the side.
That it either has sugar or it does not have sugar.
If you get it right it will not have much Frequency.
She can get a brown paper bag and cut it. Then she should get the peanut and smash it on the paper bag. And she should do the same with the walnut. Last she should wait 2 days and see the results. Making sure the peanut and walnut weigh one gram.
It is an a controlled experiment.
Sammy - Because if you used blocks made of plastic metal and wood because it would make a differing noise so it would be easier to know.
Sarah will know if she watches it wick.
They are both are loops.
It will happen because it is a parallel circuit not a series.
I know that north is forward and west is your left.
An experiment where you only change one variable.
You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you know the crystals were salt?
So you compare at the end of the experiment.
The bigger the grease spot the more fat.
They are same loop.
That the food she tested did contain sugar.
Because the color black or dark colors will absorb the heat then transfer it to the water.
If it attracts or drops when you let it go.
Bubble.
A solution was created when the eggshells disappeared (dissolved) and the mixture ended up as a clear liquid.
A creek usually flows slowly and floods usually flow quickly.
Well the vinegar if you beating a rock it will store bowl.
The part that grows a leaf, stem.
If it has seeds it is a plant.
Anything that is dark could be just like black.
The more carbon dioxide the more sugar.
It flows faster.
Because the sun is over it.
It will flow fast and crazy, but with a normal one it floods slow and calm.
We shook it up and sand is heavier than water so it went to the bottom.
Because the contour lines are closer together than the other R and S.
The salt did not get caught because it dissolved in the water.
It is a parallel circuit.
Because it is the biggest one.
Nathaniel - Because the thing will be big or small.
Salt crystals had an X on them and calcite crystals do not.
A solution is different because it is clear that you can see through.
It would best show it because the earth always rotates around the sun.
Overly Orange and Luscious Lemon have more vitamin C because it took only a couple drops to make the indophenol clear.
Nickel is harder.
The light will still run.
If the globe rotate the shadow the earth move very slow around all of us. The shadow move because like every minute when we move.
Elena has a male lizard that has lived for several years in the habitat she provided. She knows that some lizards are territorial. Besides additional food and water, what should she be sure to include in the habitat before she adds another male lizard?
The calcite crystals have lines. Salt crystal have squares.
Because Fruitsnap had little or no vitamin C.
He would observe that there are bubbles.
No because the color did not change. If the color still would stay the same it vitamin C.
The speed of light is staying the same while the time is increasing.
It would either make the pitch higher or lower.
Why not it will not work because aluminum foil do not have no wire to go through.
When Sarah did the chromatography test, she saw that one black ink stayed black and didn't separate. She discovered that she had used a permanent marker. She wondered what would happen if she used a different liquid. She wrote in her science notebook, What if I used vinegar in place of the water? Can I get the pigments in permanent ink to separate? How will Sarah know if vinegar separated the permanent ink?
Because salt is a crystal.
Because the picture matches.
One has more ridges.
So she could see which one has more sugar than the other. Then she can see which one has less sugar and she can eat that one.
They go to a different place.
She can run both at the same time because, if it is going to the negative and to the positive and all the components are set up correctly in the right way it will work.
The crystals help him by making solid materials.
A. Because she had higher temperatures than David.
She will not because the ink will not separate.
Because the salt evaporated so it could go through and still have salt in it. While sand did not so it could not go through.
I got this answer because I counted 20 grams and 10 grams and it equaled 30 grams.
You put the water, a little bit, in a cup and leave it overnight.
I know if it is a fruit because it would have seeds in it.
Only the light bulb will light.
Outer layer protecting the seed.
With a centimeters tape.
It was probably concentrated or it could have little or no vitamin C.
The rubber band would make a high pitch.
It would be a High pitch.
Because.
The cotyledon is where seeds are store.
Yes there is the same amount of solution.
Jorge knew a chemical reaction was occurred because it started bubble.
The motor will run that is how you will know.
She needs a D-cell and washers.
The magnets are not touching because the magnetic force is making the magnets repel.
There is an open circuit.
The cotyledon gives food to the plant until it grows roots.
They should return it and get another rug and measure with a meter tape.
They are squared with Xs in them.
Because one D-cell has to be between the motors.
To is boat.
Maybe by using the value shared.
Single fixed only has one rope connected to the load.
Connect it to a battery.
Something that can absorb heat.
Because it was clear and nothing on the bottom.
Strangulating.
Put the rock in vinegar and see if it fills.
Ms. Teridann, a geologist, made a chart showing the scratch-test data for 3 minerals (Mineral X, Mineral Y, and Mineral Z). She wrote "yes" if the tool scratched the mineral and wrote "no" if it did not scratch it. Topaz is a mineral that cannot be scratched by a fingernail, a penny, or a paperclip. How hard is topaz compared to minerals X, Y, and Z? Explain how you know.
Look at the picture of the circuit to the right. What will happen to the motor if the light bulb burns out?
She made bubbles and that is a common sign of a reaction.
It is harder than minerals X, Y, and Z because it cannot be scratched by either one.
Darker colors absorb more heat than lighter colors. The dark green sheeting is the darkest color available so she should use the green sheeting.
When the volume tube shows that the food has more carbon dioxide in it, that means that food has the most sugar.
Earth materials settle out during deposition.
You could get something with magnitite in it and see if it sticks if it sticks you know it is iron if it does not stick it is aluminum.
When it creates one type of something. Like chocolate milk.
No because Richard has more water than Mariella and Mariella only has 100 milliliters of water. And it is more crowded with 100 milliliters of water.
Because after Mary hit it on a table it vibrated and the vibration made the water splash!
No because if you jump on a sofa the string will move and make noise.
Diva needed to test pure sugar as a control to compare with the Fruity Cream cookie.
So people know to get out of the way.
It goes up until it gets to 3 it goes down all the way to 6.
Because he pour only 50 milliliters of solution in each cup.
Because the solid dissolve.
I can tell the difference because calcite crystals spread out and salt crystals look like squares.
Nice and warm, about 28 degrees.
I pick B because I think it is ok alright.
40, C is next to B so you add 20 meters to the elevation contour line band A.
During a flood the creek's volume will increase greatly, the water will run faster, and there will be mudslides, compared to normal water flow, which is constant and steady, and erodes less.
Because it would demonstrate the earth rotating.
The information that you get from stream table logs rather from stream table maps is a log showing you the events of how the slope started from beginning to end.
Because it does not contain vitamin C in Fruitsnap. It contains only sugar.
Because when we did our stream table experiment the water and clay mixed and the water and the clay flowed together.
Because that one that you are say that you are so to 46 that or no.
The sand is heavier than flour the sand goes down because it is heavy the flour is light.
I chose this answer because it could be blocked or it could be attracted.
The reason why I picked less than is because I think that Y is going to contain the different amount after 30 minutes.
So it can soak up food.
C. Because it has the most plastic disks.
The wire have to be together so it can work so if they out They cannot work.
Shell.
It case a stem I do not know.
I will see a bunch of lines.
It will happen because it is flowing in a circle.
It was a reaction because it fizz and bubble up.
To make sounds.
The salt got dissolved in the water.
You would look for bubbling.
We put it in a evaporation dish and the water evaporated.
If you experiment you might find a way to separate.
You will know it is a conductor because the motor will run.
The lines are close together.
Alum answer.
The carbon printings will look the same.
If the car goes over the magnet faster than 5 miles per hour it should turn green.
The motor will stop.
Jim used a solid and water to make Mixtures one (one spoon of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with nothing on the bottom), 3 (3 spoons of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with nothing on the bottom), 4 (4 spoons of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with material on the bottom), and 5 (5 spoons of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with material on the bottom) as shown below. He stirred each one and observed the results. Describe how Jim could separate the dissolved solid from the water in Mixture one. What happens to the solid and to the water?
It could be possible chance it is correct but there could also be a 50 chance it is right and a 50 50 chance it is wrong. If they do not know they could do some test and research.
Jorge added solid material to a container of clear colorless liquid. The mixture began to bubble. Explain why Jorge knew a chemical reaction occurred.
The string made a low pitch.
By putting everything where it goes.
When a seed germinates the root grows first to hold the plant up right.
Jana and Emily used indophenol to test 3 beverages for vitamin C. The number of drops they added to make a 10 milliliters sample of the blue indophenol indicator become colorless are given here: 8 drops of Overly Orange 13 drops of Luscious Lemon 33 drops of Fruitsnap (and it still didn't change color). Why didn't the indophenol change color with Fruitsnap?
Because they are repelling each other always.
Sammy - Because he uses a lot of different items.
Nothing will happen. It will still run.
Fabric B has lots of clear, round bumps. Fabric A has smaller, blurry bumps.
Maybe the balance was a little off.
The short string, will make a high sound and a long string will make a low sound. The short string and the long string are different because they are high and low.
The farther away from the fulcrum the less effort is needed and the closer to the fulcrum the more effort.
Use gram or standard unit of measurement.
Nathaniel - Because they are all different shapes and sizes so they are easier to discriminate.
My choice increases water speed and the faster something is going the more it can hold.
Because he should put the acid on the rock and see if it fizzes that means it is calcite.
Letter A is the right one because the wire have to touch the equal side and the light bulb.
Kurt you were able to pick up that magnet because the energy of the first one was able to pick up more because of the energy.
Because bubbles are one sign of a gas.
You pulled and it flies.
A topaz is compared to Z because it cannot be scratched with 2 thirds things. Y is all the opposite of topaz. X cannot be scratched with one third of a topaz cannot be scratched.
He will know because a conductor is not glowing in a circuit.
Clear with nothing on the bottom. Evidence Mixture 3 has more and is clear with nothing on the bottom and mix.
As time goes on the speed of light is staying the same.
The more blocks the less meters it goes.
Because it is the same.
They need to have thrown it at the same place which they did they need one variable changed that could be different balls or the same ball but different size.
Q. Because the contour lines are closer together to make it steeper.
The longer the pendulum it will not swing that much.
They are not touching each other because they are repelling.
You can see the designs.
A new product that is called a precipitate.
Where you control the variables, length, mass, release position. But you cannot control the amount of time it swings.
If he has a vial then he should get the rock or mineral in the vial and pour vinegar in the vial to see if he has vials.
Because if you pull it, it goes like that.
The string is lower when you tightened it.
The rock would fizz. If it fizzed then there is calcite in it.
It would be lower pitch.
Because the sand is bigger than the salt.
They need to have the same ball and throw the ball at the same place.
Yes because silver nitrate might be heavier.
Yes, they could both be correct. Solubility is not the same for all materials.
Because it had no vitamin C.
If the rock fizzes it contains calcite because calcite fizzes when put with cold acid.
The longer string is low and the shorter string is high.
2. Draw everything on the big map on the overlay grid. 4. Copy the drawings from the overlay grid on to the grid on your notebook paper.
I decided it by saying to myself, Well 20 centimeters is in between 10 centimeters and 30 centimeters so I will make the temperature in between.
30, I halved what A and B was.
Because it hits the top.
The reason that the root grows first is because the root is the part underground and so that is why it grows first.
Sammy - Sammy it would be easier because plastic is difference to wood.
First you will need 2 cups, a scale, brown paper indicator food, and the same size circle on brown paper, one gram fat the cups on the scale then put the paper on the cups. Put the one gram on one side and the food on the other side, the scale must be even. After you did that with both foods keep the food on the brown paper for 2 days. After 2 days the one with the bigger grease spot is the one with the most fat in it.
It would have a lower pitch because it has less room to vibrate.
No because it is not true you do not have to move a bottle to make a sound.
X, I know that solution x is more concentrated.
There is no source.
35 grams to a glass case, 60 grams to a big book.
Yes. I know that black materials or plastic or just black will absorb the heat more and white reflects the heat or light back. Also black heats faster and more.
Yes. Since the box is black, black attracts or absorbs heat faster, the other box is white which reflects more sunlight than absorbing it.
No, because it is not big enough.
Why it is the only one is because sometimes you need 2 wires and how it is the only one it is connected to the bottom.
Because there all sort of apples and they do all weigh different.
A penny.
Yes because the battery has enough power to run both unless the switch is on.
He could match the crystals with other crystals.
The graph tells you over time how many rings are in the tree.
It is harder than X, Y, Z. I know it is harder than X, Y, and Z because nothing can scratch it.
It was able to pick up all the rest because the magnetism flow through the paperclips.
You can tell because it is at the top and it is 5000.
It forms by a deposit of earth materials at mouth of a stream or river.
It would not stick because it did not have iron in it.
Yes because all materials have different grams.
So it could look like a shadow to us.
Because a topographic map shows the steeps places and where is the best or dangerous place to be and the lines tell you where you are going like if you going around in circles.
Get a brown paper towel then put the walnuts on one paper towel and the peanuts on the other paper towel. Third you leave both nuts for 2 days after 2 days see how much of a grease spot the nuts left and write it down using square centimeters.
The same kind of balls. Having a running start.
It will not get light because the negative is getting to the motor.
The boat with no marbles is the standard.
The B it shows be rubbing when we color.
It is a material that may lower heat.
Because the sound has more room to vibrate.
The shorter the string the higher the sound.
Tied with mineral Y because they are both yes, yes, and yes.
It was not fruit concentrate.
Because the washbowl ink will start to disappear and the permanent ink will not disappear.
The motors will not run because it goes from the positive side to the positive side it has to go from positive to negative to work.
Dark green is a darker color than yellow, therefore it will heat hotter and faster.
A. Because A was the higher than the other one because it is hot inside because dry not wet.
Use same sized marbles.
C. I picked C because it has more pans and they will affect the sun.
It tells me the number of rings grows. So does the time.
The closer the effort is to the fulcrum, the harder it is to lift the load.
One facing the other way.
So others know what you mean.
It will make a doom sound.
I think the sand is on the bottom because it is heavy and the flour is in the water because it is smaller and does not weigh a lot.
The motor will work and that annoying buzz will come back.
Cup B is more concentrated than cup A.
Because both are saturated, and if you used 6 spoons for cup 2 both cups are still saturated.
Another function is to protect.
If it makes a scratch or a little dent.
Rubbing A was smooth, and rubbing B was rough and bumpy.
Mary was trying to understand how tuning forks make sounds. She hit the tuning fork on the table and placed the tuning fork into a cup full of water while it was still ringing. The water splashed in all directions. How did seeing what happened help Mary understand how a tuning fork makes sounds?
Because it will just be in the middle of hot and cold.
Whichever bag has the highest recording has the most sugar.
That they ball in the cup and the mass pieces are in this cup. 20 grams plus 10 grams equals 30.
It would be a low pitch.
The roots are.
The covered one get hotter than the uncovered ones.
Yes. The black box will collect more heat, because it is black. Black absorbs light from the sun. White reflects light from the light.
Each magnet is pushing away from the magnet so they are attracting.
Because there were a lot of bubbles. That one of the effects of a reaction.
She needed to test the pure sugar because she needed a controlled variable because if she did not, she would not know how much sugar is in sugar and she cannot compare the cookies and the sugar.
Wendy should get a D-cell and hook it up to the insulated wire and get a switch and hook some wires up to that, then she should get little washers and put them somewhere. Then you have an electromagnet.
I chose it because the mass pieces are 30 grams. So I did the highest number.
Because flour does not turn into crystals.
I think the graph tells me that all the numbers are common.
No, because if they did then both the water would be the same.
I think the second one because B has more scoops of solute.
Because one side of the wire is touching the negative side of the D-cell.
Look at the circuit in the picture. The gap between the D-cell and the switch needs to be connected. Can you use a piece of aluminum foil to make the connection? Why or why not?
The first finger look thinner than the 2 one.
There could be a magnet under the ground maybe.
Yes because they are 2 different things.
She can measure with a centimeters.
You would see the ceiling when it is on a table.
Yes. If both solutions are saturated (and at the same temperature), the solutions will both have the same concentration. Once a solution is saturated, the solution cannot get any more concentrated.
It would be the same because for it to be greater than or less than it depends where you put the solar water heater.
Because the sun orbits the earth and it goes from east to west and it gets shorter.
The water in the creek during a flood will flow much harder and faster causing more and more erosion compared to water flow without creek.
Because her drawing looks the same as the one in the shape key.
The lines.
No, she cannot because the switch can only go one way and make a complete circuit.
Sammy - Because plastic, metal, and wood has different sounds and just wood would make the same sound.
Yes. Because black attracts heat. So it will heat up faster.
Yes because if they are saturated, then the stuff on bottom went to waste and the waters are holding the same number of water and solid except for the stuff on the bottom. Take that stuff out then they both have the same concentration.
This happens because when a parallel circuit is formed like this one the D-cell still allows the electricity to flow through the circuit.
I know which direction was west is because a shadow facing west.
Because bubble came out of the eggshell.
The blue color is kind of a color black and darker than red so that why the blue heat more than the red one.
A. Because more heat would go into the small box than the long big box.
No, you cannot. That is because it does not conduct electricity.
One battery is the wrong way.
The force went through the paperclips so that made it able to pick up all those paperclips.
Yes, because electricity can go through foil.
Attach the wire to each end of the nail.
Pam's friend recommend using the topographic map because it has more information.
He could get a light bulb and try it out or he could get another battery.
I think that the answer is cup 2 because it has more spoons.
Yes because they are different materials.
So everybody get it right or get the same answer.
Mixture 5 is greater than mixture 4 because it has the same amount of water and at the bottom it is both clear material but it does not have the same amount of solid.
He could take a filter, 2 cups, and put one under the filter paper and pour it through. So the solid would end up in the filter and the water in the cup.
The seed coat protects the seed web germinating.
They are rubbed smooth and hard.
Yes because they both have the same amount of solid.
A bigger string makes a lower pitch and a little string would have a high pitch.
Identify them with a magnifying glass and see if they are the same.
Because it is made of 2 mixtures, and making it one mixture and becoming a solution of 2 mixtures.
She can scratch it and see which one scratch the rock or mineral.
The blue gets hotter than the red maybe because the blue is darker than the red.
I think it helped because when you see it you can see it vibrates.
Yes. I pick yes because that black do heat fast than white. Darker color heat faster and more hot air.
Because if you make them flatter it might take a while but if you make it steeper it might be easier.
No because you need to have a aluminum foil.
They are both a loop.
Because it need to walk a little be that is why I think she recommend to her.
When you pluck the first string it makes a low pitch.
It will kept on raising and raising.
So you can get the best answers. You need it because you will end up with 2 different answers.
They will both have either arches, loops, or whorls. That is how they will be the same.
They could use a ruler to measure the rug better then they got the right answer.
A, they are closer to each other.
To compare your answers.
The river dries as it gets to the mountains.
By putting water in a Petri dish and letting the water evaporate.
Use a standard unit of mass like grams.
Because it is better using it so you will not get it wrong.
Their hands are different sizes.
When you plucked the shorter string it makes a higher.
When she rubs them together and the other one breaks the one that did not break is the hardest.
A controlled experiment is like a release position because a release position is a controlled experiment.
If she tries it.
Nathaniel - Because wood all sounds the same but different sizes. Like a big wood and small piece kind of sound the same.
The earth materials get carried away during deposition.
One of the rubbings are smooth and the other one looks rough.
The string had a higher pitch.
Because it is the longest instrument. The air takes a longer time to travel out.
This graph shows me the speed of the light and how long the speed was.
The higher the scoops the more but just 3 and down.
By looking at the paper and see if it ovals.
You controlled the experiment by yourself.
When it get up to 3 scoops the mass of beans harvested decreases.
It could be higher.
She will measure and leave them 20 day to see how much she did it.
Because when you pluck it it makes the vibrations and vibrations make sound.
It will happen because the switch moved so it turns off another thing.
It is flowing though the magnet so it works.
The pitch would be low.
Yes she can. Because that is how you have to do it.
The rings do not attach each other because they are flipped upside down.
Where they threw their ball from.
During a flood, the water flow is faster and heavier.
Letting the water evaporate.
By rubbing them together and touching them.
I think the nail will stick because the ring is made out of metal.
They both go out.
Greater than because mixture 5 has the same amount of water with more spoons of solid.
I picked that one because the line on the left is not hooked to anything.
The chemical that saturated down there.
The reason why is because the brass ring is a temporary magnet.
How much sugar and acid there is.
When she make the the loose it get the sound lower.
28 Celsius.
Because it turned into a clear liquid solution.
Greta and Andre got different measurements because Andre's hand was much smaller than Greta's hand.
See which one scratched the other.
The particles of the solid are too big to go through the holes in the paper filter.
Since different materials have different crystals, like salt is a x, then you can figure out what material has the same characteristic shape as the crystal that were from that particular solution, then he knows what material was used.
We put the water with the salt in it and put it outside for the water to evaporate.
It is an open circuit so it will not run.
Sammy's - Sammy's method is easier because plastic, metal, and wood sound different and Nathaniel's method is not that easy because she is using wood and sound the same.
They should see which has more grease.
You have to put mirrors around it.
Overly Orange then less the drops the more vitamin C.
Because it has the longest way to travel.
Because if you do not know how many to put.
The embryo is the part of the plant that grows.
Because then you would not know if the red covered or the blue uncovered heated up as much as the others. Because even though they are the same color the water is in a different environment. So, it would not provide useful information.
Something happened so it is a reaction.
Y, is more concentrated because cup x is on the floor and that is not good, right?
They have bigger or smaller sized hands.
All the streams flow together forming one bigger river.
If you do not they would know if you are talking centimeters, liters, milliliters, meters, kilograms, or grams.
Water flows with a lot more force normal water goes a lot less fast.
Because then the tallies that you use will not make sense.
Have Mary come over and measure her room too.
Both solutions are saturated (as indicated by the material on the bottom) so, even though one cup has more spoonfuls of sugar, both have the same (maximum) concentration.
She or he should add more space and almost everything lizards need.
We got a sheet with different kinds of crystals. So I looked for the same picture like the crystal and it said Kosher salt.
Why a bigger hole makes more erosion is because there is more water coming at once. The reason to make the slop steeper is so the water will go much faster.
The motor will keep going.
Many tiny bubbles will rise from the calcite when the calcite contacts the cold acid.
Overly Orange has more because of the amount of drops she put in.
Because the liquid is a substance that can go through most objects with small or tiny holes and solid cannot.
They are the same amount concentrated because they have the same amount of water and dissolved material.
Their hands could be different length.
Yes, aluminum foil is a metal and all metals conduct. The aluminum foil would complete the circuit.
The left bulb will still be lighting because the diagram is a parallel.
You cannot use a piece of string because it has no electricity in it.
No because it has to be equal.
Well when you pluck the small string it is a louder pitch Because the smaller string is higher the pitch the Bigger the string the lower the pitch.
A heat sink is something that takes water to absorb.
Elena should add shelter.
If you put the sand then the flour then the gray materials then the water the gray materials speeds the sand and the flour.
I chose that answer because it looks the same like the drawing in the circle.
Because a magnet has a field around it and if it is too big that the field cannot reach the other magnet.
Cup one might have 6 spoons of solute and cup 2 has 8 spoons and both have 50 milliliters of water.
By putting the tuning fork in the water while still ringing.
2. Trace over the objects on the model. Only trace the outline of the objects. 4. Redraw the traced figures on your small grid.
Because the tree is of front.
He can use the circuit by seeing if the object does anything if it works it is a conductor if it does not then it is an insulator.
She needs a D-cell to make it run.
I think he would see the solid dissolve.
Because it is on an.
It is harder to lift when the load is far from the load.
The same because once a solution is saturated it is at its highest level of concentration.
It is harder than X Y Z because we read about it this morning.
Use her fingernail.
She could tell which is harder by getting a rock and seeing if the penny or nickel would scratch it. Whichever one does is harder.
Because the red uncovered get colder and the blue get hotter.
Because if they are different color and covered and uncovered you would get way different data.
The relationship between the amount of effort required and its distance from the fulcrum is as the effort increased distance from the fulcrum the effort needed decreased.
Because slope because make thing steeper and.
If the food contains acid and how much.
Aluminum will stick to a magnet.
Lowest string has the highest pitch. Highest string has the lowest pitch.
Because of the way the sun is showing.
By scratching them.
No because it has 2 different chemicals and it does not have the same solubilities.
I chose the answer because I needed to add it together.
So it could a sound.
What is your "rule" for deciding if the part of a plant you are observing is a fruit?
Rub them together and whichever one has a scratch or a mark the is softer and the one that has nothing on it is harder.
When the load is closer to the fulcrum it is easier to lift.
The test results tell her how much gas is in the food.
First take one gram or milligram and take a brown paper indicator and put it on a scale and when the food is one gram put it aside for 2 days and then see which one has the most grease.
They could have used a meter tape.
B has some rough and A is not that rough and A is smooth. And B is darker then A.
Because they are different things. Nitrate is different then chloride so they cannot be the same weight. Just like a monkey and a elephant.
It has seeds.
It will happen because it is in a running place.
The indophenol did not change color with the Fruitsnap because the Fruitsnap might not have had vitamin C.
Lee should put one of the loose wires on one part of the object and the other loose wire on another part of the object and see if the object completes the circuit.
It will not run because negative and negative and positive and positive are facing the same way.
Yes because it need to vibrate.
If you pluck it make a volume.
Because the filter has smaller holes so whatever big particle will be separated.
A solution.
It was because they have different hand sizes.
Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar and my evidence is that pure sugar is 200 milliliters but Fruity Cream cookies is only 150 milliliters.
Sammy - Sammy because wooden blocks will make the same sound and Sammy's code will work because plastic, metal and wood will not make the same sound.
C. It has more black disks to absorb more heat.
I think she would need to put some wood need some wood.
The more blocks the less it will go.
My choice is A because it might weigh the same and they both is saturated.
It tells me that the speed of light goes straight.
They both have 2 spoonfuls per 50 milliliters so when you compare 50 milliliters from each they both have 2 spoonfuls in the 50 milliliters.
If the middle one burns out the other will still light.
Celsius and the metric system.
Yes because both the silver thing are different and they weigh different.
The evidence Jim has is the material on the bottom and the solid because a solution has 2 or more things combined.
Greater than because it have 5 spoon of clear material.
It is not in a circle.
No, It has to be a wire to connect. The wire has things in it to connect it.
The further away the effort is from the fulcrum the easier it is to pull.
The shorter the string the faster it swings and the longer the string the slower it swings.
Because the particles in her dish, look like the ones in the box down below labeled alum.
You can rub the penny and the nickel together. The one with the mark and a scratch is the least hardest the one with no mark or scratch is the hardest.
Sammy - Because they to are not the same sounds.
They could use a meter stick.
Because of the paper we looked at.
2. Copy all objects from a bird's eye view. 4. See what square has what in it and copy it in the same square on the smaller one.
By putting the wires together.
The dissolved salt particles are small enough to go through the holes in the filter paper, but the sand particles are too large.
Because it is liquid.
I agree because if you move paper it produces a sound.
When less than 3 scoops of fertilizer are used, the more fertilizer used, the greater the mass of beans harvested. When more than 3 scoops of fertilizer are used, the more fertilizer used, the less the mass of beans harvested.
The procedure Anna can use is she can get a grit chart to count the squares to see how much fat it has. Then see if they both compare to each other.
They are the same, because there is a pattern, for every 2 spoons of solute add 50 milliliters of water.
Whichever one got scratched.
Well there are lines on A and on B it kind of looks like a screen.
She just look and see if it changes.
Because one of their arms is bigger.
Because if you do not use it you may get the wrong answer.
It so it better to hike. A has more lines.
Because both of them are different one is uncovered and another is covered.
It will go on.
They maybe used paperclips and paperclips are not the same size.
She will know which one has the most fat is checking the size of the grease spots.
Q is the steepest part of the map the line is close together.
If I put saltwater in a dish it evaporate over heat and turns to salt crystals.
How high it will go.
She will know the vinegar separates the permanent ink.
The graph tells you the number of tree rings.
It is touching all it need to make it to work.
Both of the receivers will light.
The magnetic force went through the paperclips.
So you get correct measurements.
The salt became a part of the water so it dissolve in the water so the salt went with the water. But the sand did not dissolve in the water because it was so bulky.
One group could use an apple then when they are done the other group could use it.
The salt is smaller and is harder.
The magnet made the paperclips stick on because the magnetism flowing through.
He knew because it bubbled.
Because it bubbled and fizz.
It created a gas and new material was made.
Wendy, you should have a D-cell or a D-cell it does not matter. And a switch if you want it to work.
When the Bess beetles are crawling in the wood they need something hard to protect itself.
When the string is tighter, the pitch will be higher.
So people can hear it and get out of the way. To make people get out of the way.
This chemical indicates sugar.
The negative end is pointing at the negative end so no electricity can flow to the motors.
I chose these choices because the bigger hole would work because more water would make earth material wear away faster. I think the slope flatter the water would come down really fast.
Gas was in it so that why it start fizzing.
It will make a soft sound.
Because you turned it off.
The bus sign faces different directions because the earth move throughout the day the sun does not move.
If they look the same.
Crystals of different materials have different shapes. So the shape will help identify the material.
It will not work.
Because cup B has more spoons of the solute and has more water.
X, usually the heaviest cup on the balance is the most concentrated cup.
The one with a scratch is not the hardest so the other mineral must be hardest.
So everything would happen quicker and better.
They were powdery.
There is a complete circuit connecting the motor to the D-cell battery.
So the cars can go.
The 2 bulbs will stay lit.
Because he used something that can make it bubble.
Andi and Scott decided to investigate solar water heaters using collectors of different colors (but the same size) as one variable and covered versus uncovered as a second variable. Look at the graph of their data and answer the questions below. What does the graph tell you about the effect of using a cover?
The embryo is the part that grows into the roots, stems, and leaves.
Well she can take the penny and the nickel and rub them together.
It helped Mary understand that the tuning fork makes sounds by vibrating because the water splashed.
The tree has a shadow because it is blocking the sun's light.
The one that is scratched is softer.
I think the water flows in that direction because the river is still trying to find the easiest route.
C. The one with 3 is hotter because more black absorbs more heat.
Because it is tight.
They one are in different directions.
She will have to try it out.
The vibration that the tuning fork makes.
The blue covered have more time than red covered.
I looked at the chart.
Same because if they all have the same water and 4 is concentrated with 4 scoops and 5 with 5 scoops then the solubility is the same because of the same amount of water become crystal.
Describe what you would see if a mirror were placed along a line of symmetry on a flat object.
No, the one with 100 milliliters of water is more concentrated because the solid has less room.
It got shorter and shorter so it was higher pitch.
To let the people and people in trouble to know.
Sammy - Because plastic, metal, and wood is different.
The seed coat hold the seed.
The degrees.
Rub the minerals together and see which one scratches the other.
When the globe moves every minute the sun face the other way.
I chose alum because it looks like alum and the mystery solution have the same pattern.
It did not change because the Fruitsnap did not have any vitamin C.
They are bumpy.
The elytra flies. It makes a sound.
If one burns out the rest will stay on.
One of them is they did not have the same kind of ball. 2 is they took different amounts of steps to the line.
3 girls wanted to see who could throw a ball the farthest. Each girl brought her favorite ball to the park. Ling brought her basketball, Diana brought her football, and Rachael brought her baseball. They made a line on the playground. They all had to throw the ball from that line. Ling took 2 steps up to the line and threw her basketball. Diana stood at the line and threw her football. Rachael got a running start and threw her baseball when she reached the line. Rachael threw her ball the farthest. Describe what the girls need to do to make the contest a controlled experiment (fair test).
The one that does not break.
The salt crystals have Xs and the others do not.
Because it was at it because we had a chart that could tell us that.
He can put all the wires together to make a circle and have that run.
The earth materials were broken down and separated.
Because I looked at my graph to tell what it would be.
In the morning the Sun is in the east so shadows point west. In the afternoon the Sun is in the west so shadows point east.
The shorter it is it swings more, and the longer it is it swings less.
The reaction indicates that it has carbon dioxide.
It is a complete circuit and the bulb is not connected to that circuit, and the motor is.
The sound was lower. It had more room to vibrate.
Maybe some shelter or some grass.
Because Diva's dad said they were pure sugar and so Diva investigated both to see what one had more sugar.
A car can signal the magnet to a light by a car stopping and the other moving.
It will run the same it is a parallel.
X, I know cup x is the most concentrated because it weighs the most.
Nathaniel - Nathaniel is using block because the block are bigger to drop in the chamber to play.
Anna can compare the fat in the walnuts and peanuts by doing the fat test.
They looked like salt.
The loops go in different directions.
He should put the acid on the rock and observe for a reaction because calcite reacts with acid by making bubbles. So if the rock fizzes it has calcite in it.
The marbles are not same weight.
Yes, because the drops tell what happen and it tell that this item had not so much sugar especially Overly Orange.
They could use a standard unit to measure the rug.
Compare prints to see if the patterns are the same.
Fruitsnap probably contains no vitamin C.
No because string cannot hold the electricity through it.
When she tightened the string there was a higher pitch.
I think she did a solution because it had bubbles.
A storage.
Degree Celsius.
Their hand are not the same. Maybe Greta hands are big than Andre's.
Bubbling means a gas has formed. Gas is a new material. A new material indicates a reaction.
The electricity will still flow through the wires to get to the other lights.
It looks closer than the other.
No, because it needs a path of electricity. It would need a wire.
It does not matter how much you give it the speed of light goes just as fast.
No you need a wire to make the connection.
The crystals can identify what solid was used in the solution by its shape.
I would observe broken calcite that looks like wet baby powder.
To try it out and see if it is a conductor.
The closer the scale more effort is needed to lift the load.
I chose less than because X is a little bit more smaller.
Whatever has the most milliliters of poop will have the most sugar.
Then Wendy should get another piece of wire and wrap it around the nail also then connect the other end of the wire to a negative and a positive.
The cotyledon is the inside.
Yes you could because it is a type of a conductor.
The sand got caught because it had rocks in it.
It tells you half of the speed of light.
Single fixed pulley system a smaller effort and only one mechanical advantage.
Let it sit for a day and if there was a grease spot that is how she would find out.
Sammy - Why I think Sammy's idea is better because you can tell if you drop metal in the.
Because she mixed the vinegar with the eggshells and later bubbles started to show up then it cleared.
It shows you the number of tree rings and the time.
Because the positive wire is taking the energy right away.
I picked C because cup 2 has more solute than cup one.
I think the same thing will happen. The force will still flow through the nail.
No. The string is not made of metal.
Rub to penny with nickel and whichever one had a scratch is some.
It is a solution because the eggshells disappeared leaving liquid clear making a solution.
Fruity Cream cookies have a lot of pure sugar and the cream cookies have less sugar.
Because the eggshells were gone.
Anna would know by looking at the 2 pieces of paper and seeing the paper that has more grease on it. The one that has more grease on it has more fat.
No, if you use aluminum foil it still will not work.
A was the second one behind the second one and B was the one that got rubbed.
It will repel because brass is not iron.
The long one makes a lower sound but the short one be higher.
That happens because it is a parallel circuit.
2 groups used marbles to weigh the same apple. Jin's group found the apple weighed 35 marbles and Bee's group found the same apple weighed 60 marbles. Both groups used the correct procedure. Since they weighed the same apple, what do you think happened to make the results different?
Because it bubbled and if it bubbles then it is a reaction.
The water pressure will be harder, so if that happens it will create a bigger canyon and delta. Erosion.
As you move out it is easier.
I saw a pinkish grayish color that was blocking the water.
Stick it into the clips and close the switch.
X, it is heavier.
Protect skin.
The food has sugar in it.
Because of the vibration.
They have the same curves and shapes.
It would have a lower pitch.
Lee has an object he wants to test to see if it is an insulator or a conductor. He is going to use the circuit you see in the picture. Explain how he can use the circuit to test the object.
You could let the water evaporate and there will probably be something left over in the dish or cup.
The clay is indicated where I put it because clay is soft and lines are soft too.
It stop the magnet.
Different sized marbles.
I knew because they were shaped like kosher salt.
A metric system.
When effort far from the fulcrum the load gets lighter.
My house because more erosion because it is a greater mass.
She should make sure they are nice to each other.
How fast the speed of light is.
X, x because it is heavier.
It was louder Because she made more tension.
Just a wild guess.
It stores the food.
Because fizzing is created by gas bubbles.
Anna can measure one gram of peanuts and one gram of walnuts. Next she can smash the one gram of peanuts onto brown paper with a circle in the middle. Then do the same to the walnuts. Let the walnuts and peanuts sit in the same room for 2 days. Finally remove the walnuts and peanuts from the brown paper and turn over the brown paper. Then measure the grease spot with a clear centimeter graph.
I think the water flows that way because it is going from happy valley to the river.
Their hand are bigger than each others.
You can use your own mixtures and see what it looks like.
Put the foods on 2 different papers and smash them and in 2 days look how big they are.
Cut it.
As time increases, the speed of light stays the same (remains constant).
I chose that answer because it is not a complete circuit.
C. Black absorbs more heat (energy) than white. Pan C has the most dark surface area so C would heat up the fastest and have the highest temperature.
Change the container ever 20 minutes.
Because you hit it on a wood and that make it vibrate.
The marbles are different sizes.
Because the salt dissolved into the water and the sand did not.
Make a line that is very straight. All use same ball. All stand at line. Throw at same time. Record data.
One variable they did not control was that Rachael ran. The other one is that the other 2 girls walked.
Because of it he you scratch with a penny.
Overly Orange because it took the least amount of drops to turn clear.
No, Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar because pure sugar is about 200 and Fruity Cream cookies are at least 150 milliliters.
The elytra makes sounds. Example danger, Example did you have a good day.
Because it does not go into the mountain.
There is a shadow there because the sun is behind it and light cannot go through solid objects. Note, I think that question was kind of dumb.
Sammy - Because if it were all the same material it would all sound the same but Sammy used different materials to make things sound different.
The long string is low. And the short string is high.
You do not have to pull much rope with the single fixed but it is heavier.
So it can search for food.
It look like feathers.
If gas (carbon dioxide) is produced, the food contains acid. If no gas is produced, the food does not contain acid.
It indicates that there is acid.
Something that could hold energy.
You can see what time the events occurred.
Sammy - Because Sammy's idea would be easier than Nathaniel's idea.
At first it would make noise slower than the shorter one because it would be shorter noise.
It will work because the circuit will go through the battery is because the force will go through the battery.
Yes, we all tried it in class and it worked.
It is a clear mixture.
The sand is heavier than the flour.
The same because they both have the same amount of water.
The light bulb will light up.
I know because when you break a rock that is when you know it is hard or not hard.
2 spoons of solid and 100 milliliters of water and it was clear material on the bottom.
C. There is more black to attract the sun.
The nickel is the hardest because is you scratch it with a penny it will not scratch but the nickel could because it is so much.
I knew where west is because I looked at the shadow.
The short one would be louder. The long one would be quieter.
Because the temperature would just go higher.
Because she wanted to know how much sugar it has.
It be better than water.
If the material dissolved it is a solution.
The mineral with no scratch is the hardest because the other one could not scratch it.
You will see the ink spread on the paper.
Because dark green absorbs heat and yellow reflects heat.
When you make solution tiny particles of the solid explained some cannot see it.
The Fruity Cream is not pure sugar because the cookie amount of milliliters does not meet the amount of milliliters in pure sugar.
Because if she would just move the it will light up the light bulb.
When Maya put too less fertilizer the beans weighed very little but when she started putting too much fertilizer the beans also started getting very light. They only time the beans were heavy was when she put 3 scoops. P S not too little not too much.
A magnet attracted another magnet even when a foam block was placed between them (see box A below). What do you think would happen if 2 foam blocks were placed between the 2 magnets (see box B). A. The magnets will stick. B. The magnets will not stick. (C. It might stick, but it might not.) Explain why you chose that answer.
Well you cannot use straws.
Because our earth rotates.
The metal around a car.
Vitamin C or acid.
He can evaporate mixture one. The water would become a gas and some kind of crystal would be left.
That covered sometimes gets the hottest.
Yes. Yes because light colors will reflect the sun and black or darker colors will absorb the sun and if light or white colors reflect the sun then it will not get as much heat as the black or light colors.
The magnet has enough power.
Overly contains a higher amount of vitamin C in it because it took less indophenol to turn the colored juice clear.
Because too much water comes and because it needs to be steeper so not much water comes.
Anne is investigating which objects stick to magnets. She recorded this in her notebook. I was surprised! A nail was stuck to the magnet. When I accidentally touched the nail to a paperclip, the paperclip stuck to the nail. If Anne touched the nail to a brass ring, what do you think would happen and why?
It really does not matter the only thing that matters is the amount of area.
I will put it on a nail.
In a solution one material dissolves into the liquid.
I looked at the crystal shape key and it looks most like alum.
Put the water in the vial and put the calcite in, if the water starts getting murky and bubbles float to the top there is calcite.
No, because it is made of thread.
Because my teacher tell me never eat soggy waffles. It means north east south west.
Because the filter cannot hold the water because the filter already has water in it.
Another function for elytra is abdomen.
Use a standard unit of measurement such as centimeters or meters.
Describe the relationship between the length of the string and the number of swings a swinger makes in 15 seconds.
Because it is harder.
To use a ruler to see if the 2 apples are different.
Why is it important to use a standard unit when making a measurement?
The small string has the highest pitch than the long one.
A. Dry soil cools faster than water.
Sammy - Because they are different things.
Because the lines are closer together.
She can put them on a different piece of paper. The one that has the most biggest spot is the one that has more fat in it.
Smaller string has high pitch and bigger string has lower pitch.
Because the earth now rotates around the sun and at different time of the day you shadow will move.
As the water from the mountain comes and invades the place, it starts the canyon then it meanders around until it comes to another larger body of water and the delta is the end of the lake and beginning of the lake.
She can put the wire to the other half of the D-cell and the switch and make it work.
Use a ruler.
I think siren.
10 Celsius because I will think it would be much in the middle of 10 centimeters and 30 centimeters so that is why I picked 10 Celsius.
He did not complete all the standards.
When she moves the switch to the left the light bulb will turn on.
It will not light because when the electricity cannot flow through the wires.
Anna will know by mix and dividing it and she will get a percentage of how much fat is in walnuts and peanuts.
Next time they can use a measuring tape to be more accurate.
Because it bubbled and when something bubbled it means a reaction occurred.
Because you made a gas.
It moves back and forth makes vibration.
No. The switch can only be hooked on one side at one time, unless you scooted the wires to the middle and hooked them up together.
The circuit is parallel, so each bulb has its own pathway to the D-cell battery, so the bulbs that do not burn out continue to shine.
If the string is made shorter it will swing more. If the string is made longer it will swing less.
2. Draw it smaller than it really is. 4. Take a farther away picture so it is small enough so it can fit in your notebooks.
I think it would not stick because it does not have any iron.
They have lines.
Phil should put the rock in the vial. Then put vinegar in then look for a lot of bubble then put in cold acid in to wait for a few days.
Below are pictures of wind instruments. You blow air through them to produce sounds. Why does [the saxophone] make the lowest sounds?
Sammy - I think, Sammy because it has different materials and different sounds.
C. It has more black and black heats up fast.
A rock scratch.
Because the others are not complete circuits.
The circuit does not include both contact points on the bulb holder, so the electricity can not go through the bulb.
Wendy should hook one end of the wire to the negative side of a D-cell battery and the other end to the positive side of the D-cell battery.
I pick this one because if you split solution B into 2 water levels it will be 50 so if A is 50 and 2 spoons the other one is going to have to have 2 spoons too because the other one is double.
Size of ball because they all should have used the same ball, where to start they should have all stood in the same spot.
Sammy - Because plastic, metal, and wood are different materials. And Nathaniel's code would be harder.
Because it tastes like salt.
The bulbs do not burn out.
Use all the salt then wait for them to evaporate but in the other trays name them by the salt so he would know which one is which but then there done he can see which one looks like that one.
Because it snaps together.
The darker the color the faster it would heat up.
Because the rings are magnets and they are facing each other on the same side.
The results will tell her how much sugar the pizza has or acid.
Wendy needs to get little washers and stick the iron to the washer.
I think cup B would be more heavy because cup B is more concentrated.
Because when you hit the tuning fork makes waves.
You could tell if it has the hardest if most of it came off.
You use a standard so you can tell what happened in a controlled experiment and because you can change one variable at a time.
Because there are little slots that take them that way.
If you see like colors that make the color, and even if it starts to wick.
The rings do not touch because the magnets were facing the same way which makes them float.
Use a meter.
It is evidence because it made gas and fizzing occurs only when one material does not like the other one.
You use a standard so that you can test it and compare with your standard. And compare with your variable.
No one had the same ball and threw the ball differently.
Jack's standard is using marbles instead of pennies.
First find calcite put it in a vial. Second put vinegar in and let it sit. Third pour out the vinegar.
Volume - It got louder. When it splashed it got a kind of noise - quiet noise.
To get a small object and glue it to a flat surface. Then get outside put in the sun and record every hour until the sun goes down.
They are like little boxes with Xs on them.
That helps because of the vibrations.
To see the different landforms in front of them.
When the heat starts to go down.
The farther away the effort is from the fulcrum the less effort it takes. The closer the effort is to the fulcrum the more effort it takes.
He knew because a change occurred and it made a gas.
A. I knew dry soil was B because it lets in heat fast and lets it go fast, so dry soil is not a good heat sink.
Square has X on it little X.
They will look exactly the same, same size same pattern.
It is a chemical reaction because it made a gas and a gas only appears if there is a chemical reaction.
The young plant.
Emily evaporated a solution and drew a picture of the crystals that remained. Using the crystal-shape key below, what was dissolved in the solution? A. Epsom salt (B. alum) C. sodium thiosulfate.  Explain why you chose that answer.
They weighed it wrong.
What do you mean I do not how what you are say to me so can you help me.
Earth materials are washed downstream and then start to build up land.
It will still run because it is not sharing a wire like a series does.
Food supply for the plant.
Rivers cannot flow up mountain and valleys cannot be on mountain so it is flowing towards happy valley.
Because a chemical reaction creates gas bubbles or a precipitate.
One spoon.
That the time increasing and the tree rings are increasing too.
The clay is deposited where I indicated because it is the lightest.
I put A because it is the same because it the same amount of water and only 2 scoops more than the other one.
Look at the illustration of the pulley system at the right to answer the questions. What additional disadvantages might there be to this system compared to a single fixed pulley system?
The magnetism goes through the paperclip.
Sammy - Because if you put just wood stuff you will not be able to tell what it is.
No because a piece of string is not a conductor.
They all have lines.
Because maybe the hand of Greta is too small. And Andre's hand is bigger.
If Jin's and Bee's groups can use a balance beam.
There would be a clear liquid with no solid on the bottom.
The mixtures are all clear.
No because it need to be made of metal to conduct electricity.
The calcite can be white and crystals is black.
Clay is where I indicated it because clay is the lightest material so it travels the farthest.
By hitting the fork and putting it in the water.
When the flashlight moves, the shadow moves too.
The one that has more grease will have more fat.
The brown paper will look wet and that will tell you which one has more fat in them.
Because it does not have a lot of vitamin C.
Because inside the plant is a seed.
A heat sink is an object that can attract heat.
A low pitch.
It got high pitch and lower volume.
You know because the solid matrix I will dissolve overnight.
On your indicator whichever had more grease spots.
I chose that answer because yellow reflects heat and dark stuff keep heat.
Yes they can do it different but be the same way.
They do not touch each other because the force of magnetism is repelling them away from each other.
Yes. I say yes because she will measure each box and she is going to take it cold and hot so one is going to be up and one other is going to go down.
The motor will start.
Because the mixture is clear.
They could use a meter tape, a centimeter ruler, or a inch ruler.
Yes why because aluminum is foil and foil is metal.
It will go off.
Why does a rubber band make a sound when you pluck it (pull and let go quickly)?
I would notice that it should be bubbling.
Cotyledon seed coat, embryo.
Because you make it vibrate.
B. because A has the highest temperature and B has the lowest.
That there was sugar in the cookie.
By testing it with a magnet and it will stick if it is iron.
Because the battery is hooked to the switch that why.
The system is single movable system but the single fixed is easier to pull down.
A chemical reaction is when something happens if you add a material and a liquid together and something happens it is a chemical reaction.
The sound would be higher.
Clear, mixture 3 is clear.
Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts. Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait the same time for each sample.
To see what Fruity Cream cookies percentage from real sugar.
Using only the results from her experiment, Anna will know which one has more fat in it by the larger the grease spot the more fat.
The bulbs are connecting to the same circuit. It will not work.
Because water really does not change very much.
They are facing different directions.
You can see how much time is taken for the earth materials to move.
Something on the flat object.
Sammy - Because they all sound different and blocks sound the same.
No because they have the same solid but different amounts of water.
It look the same.
Jim could use a coffee filter to separate the solid from the water. Now the water and the solid are separated.
The variables can be changed one at a time.
Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar because if it was pure sugar, it would be just like the pure sugar in other tube.
It tells you the time and the speed of light.
She needed to test pure sugar to find out if Fruity Cream Cookies are pure sugar.
Because it indicates something else is produced.
Because it did something.
Blue absorb more heat than the red.
Same they both are clear and there is material on bottom.
If the effort is applied farther from the fulcrum, less effort will lift the load.
Stay at the line, use one ball, everyone get a 2 step, throw.
The earth materials that have been eroded is deposited at the mouth of a river or stream forming a delta.
60 meters, Because it said the change in elevation from line A to B is 20 meters so that lets me know to count by 20 meters.
I chose because that is the answer.
Yes I do agree with Kate. Example: when the wind blows really hard it makes a sound.
That the blue might be darker than the red.
2. And trace it the into your book. 4. And a key.
If it has a seed or not.
You get the time in which things happened.
Because water goes through the paper and the salt is not water.
The farther the effort is from the fulcrum the less effort is needed.
Because I added the 20 and the 10.
The inside of a pea seed is shown below. Describe the function of each of the parts: embryo.
If she does scratch one on the other and one gets a mark that you can to rub off. Then you know the other one is harder.
If you use a bigger hole more water come out at once like a raging river, if the slope is steeper the water will push through the earth material faster.
The solid material dissolves.
It will not stick because the magnets force field is not strong enough.
Because it was clear.
I would see if the rocks bubble.
To get water for the seed.
It would not stick because the ring does not have iron or steel in it.
Because the sound waves had a short time to set to the bottom, because it is bigger.
The sand and flour separate because the sand is heavier than the flour, so the flour goes to the top and the sand sinks.
She should hook it to a D-cell.
Distance.
If the syringe goes way up it has a lot of acid, if not has a little or none.
Pam's friend recommended the topographic map because it shows the elevation of the mountain they are hiking.
So everyone would get the same answers. It is the same for everybody.
Because a solution is when a solute and a solvent are mixed and she did that.
C. Because there are more black in it.
Because the material before did not use to fizz until they were put together.
X, because the material gave it weight.
It grows first to get food and nutrients.
Because it has to get the food and water.
So you can test the standard and can switch one variable to make it proven.
Loop are facing different direction.
The sand and the flour separate because the sand is heavier and it sinks to the bottom and the flour is lighter and goes on top of the sand.
Because it look a lot like alum.
Protects the seed.
To protect.
It is the same because it has loops.
It will work.
To see which one has the more sugar to compare with the Fruity Cream cookies.
Denise made a circuit to light a bulb or run a motor. She used a special switch. Below is the schematic diagram of her circuit. The switch is inside the dotted box. Can she run both the light and the motor at the same time? Why or why not?
Her test results would tell her what had more sugar in it.
Because you can compare the results.
I chose this answer because I remember what type it is because I remembered.
By using the graph it is saying that 12 Celsius is in the middle.
I think it is covered more than the red one. And put does too color because is almost the same.
It gets hot faster with covered because when water starts to get hot no air comes in it starts to get hotter.
If you discover if the dogs have the something is a loop arch or a whorl for the dog.
She can use her nail and penny.
It is greater than because mixture 4 has more room to dissolve than mixture 5.
You can only change one variables.
Because it is in the middle and it is steeper.
Yes. Because dark colors like black contract heat but light colors like white do not.
The first variable they did not control is the different kind of ball. The second is the speed they went to get to the line.
He should put a rock in vinegar and look at it. If it bubbles it has calcite in it. That is what he should do.
The further the fulcrum lever is, closer it is the less it weighs.
It indicates that it has food in it.
The standard was that he used marbles.
Because it grows as late.
I think it is because it started to bubble and because it would not do that if it was not a reaction.
Greta might have bigger hands.
Susan will know which food contains the most sugar when the tube with bag inside can stop all the way to the top.
Alum looks exactly a like it in the dish.
I choose that answer because there is no switch to turn it on.
1. Weigh one gram of each food. 2. Put one gram of food on 2 pieces of brown paper. 3. Leave for 2 days. 4. Check samples. 5. Compare grease spot.
The longer the less swings.
They are both facing a different direction.
A heat sink is an earth material that absorbs energy slowly and releases it slowly.
3.
If how much carbon dioxide there is in the volume tube.
Because the materials are too big to go through the holes but the water is not too big to go through the holes in the filter.
Because vibration runs through it.
C. Box C has the most surface area covered so all the plastic circles would absorb energy so it would be the warmest.
Look at the circuit in the picture. The gap between the D-cell and the switch needs to be connected. Can you use a piece of string to make the connection? Why or why not?
Put the 2 wires that are off the board and put them to each end of the object. If the motor runs it is a conductor. If the motor does not run it is an insulator.
Yes. Because it is a parallel circuit and they can both run well.
Because paper absorbent and solids cannot go through solids.
Long will make a higher pitch short will make a lower pitch.
The root grows first because the seed needs water to grow.
The vinegar destroyed the eggshells.
Same, because they are the same size triangles and in the same size boxes, with the same amount of water.
I knew which direction west was because in the plaza it shows all the shadows facing one way and the sun makes shadows face the opposite directions of the object, and I knew that in the afternoon the sun is in the north so it must be west above.
No, they are not put sugar because when she put the cookies in the volume measure it was not to the highest number.
They have the same shape.
Because they both are stronger, flows harder and flows faster than the rest.
Because cup one has the same amount of water but different amount of solute.
C. Because the more the black, the hotter it gets. The less it has, the cooler it gets.
By the Petri dish.
Sammy's - Nathaniel's idea would not work because it is the same material, wood that would make the same sound. Sammy's idea would work because there is different materials.
You can try, but I think it would not work.
They use different sizes of marbles.
They are not the same letter B has big spots and letter A has lines and little spots.
I can they are different because of their shape calcite crystals look like needles and salt had squares with Xs inside them.
The solutions have the same amount of solute, there is just more on the bottom of the cup in cup 2.
I think it would not stick because it is a plastic and it cannot do that.
No. Because one has more water.
The brass ring would not stick to the nail.
The solid stays in the filter because the filter's holes are too small for the liquid to go through.
Grace thinks she made a solution because the eggshells disappeared into the liquid.
Sammy - Because you know that metal and wood and plastic is better than Nathaniel.
B. Because his temperature is more taller than David because they are different by how they are.
X, because is heavier then y.
You would observe fizz in the rock that contains calcite.
Because the 2 parts bump against each other.
It would be lower.
Same ball and stand on the line.
The salt crystals are squares with Xs on top.
The motor will turn on.
Where they throw the ball, use the same ball, they all get a running start.
You would see the same object.
It is different because the little string makes a height sound.
C. I pick C because that is the highest of the other.
No, It is not a complete circuit.
Anna should compare the size of the grease spots. The sample with the larger grease spot has more fat.
If Sarah can see what of different colors that means it worked.
They should all use the same ball they should all take 2 steps.
The results would tell her how much sugar, carbon dioxide, there is in the bag.
A bigger for the water's source and cause erosion because there is more water than usual. Then if you have a steeper slope it will cause the water to flow faster than usual.
Scratch the 2 together.
Diva needed to test pure sugar so he know if the cookies was pure sugar.
Because the shiny part and the wire is touching the black part.
A. Because energy did not have much to heat so it focused on that one thing.
He will know if the object is a conductor because the motor will run.
Yes because how can it make a sound if it does not vibrate.
When the string is tightened the string comes more out of the guitar part so the string in the guitar part is smaller so the pitch it higher.
You could check on the back of the bag that sees which one have more grease.
My rule is that the fruit has to have a seed or seeds.
The distance of the meter is going lower. The number of blocks is going lower too.
The sun is in different places at different times.
0 marbles, amount boat sank.
Because the D-cell is not in the middle.
Because the fire alarm would when a house is on fire.
The erosion will happen faster because the flow of the water is stronger and faster so the material will be worn down more.
You can see through it.
It makes the lowest sound because it vibrates slower from having to travel far.
No, because string is not made of metal and it cannot conduct electricity.
Because a solution is clear.
The battery does not have enough power or the power is not getting to the bulb.
Because there is more water and solute.
Because both of the cups one and 2 have the same amount of concentrations because they are both saturated.
X, cup x because it is more heavy.
Deltas form by rivers flowing and pushing sediment to the side.
I would think A because it shows the lakes and rivers and more details of it is location. Plus it shows the symbols of what is there.
The teacher told us.
It is a soft rock Z, I think it is the same as Y because they can both be scratched by everything. It is little bit hard to X.
Earth material get deposited and forms a delta.
First you need brown paper indicator weight and one gram block. Take the weight in brown paper indicator and weight one gram. For the peanuts and walnuts on the brown paper and wait 48 hours.
They are the same because when a solution is saturated, it is at its highest point of concentration.
Yes because vibrations has to move.
I think the same because both the heaters are the same.
The blue collects more heat, because it is more darker than red.
As time goes on the tree rings are going up.
To get people's attention.
Look at the 2 solar water heaters shown here. The black triangular area is the solar collector in each container. If both heaters contain the same amount of water, would you expect the temperature change in heater X to be greater than, less than, or the same as the temperature change in heater Y after 30 minutes? (Same) Explain your answer.
It vibrates.
Yes you could because the aluminum foil will go through the circuit.
It would not stick because there is no magnet involved.
The white solid indicates the crystals.
A rhythm.
Whether it is slope or not.
The launch position (line on the playground) is the variable that is controlled.
40 meters, I know this because contour intervals do not change and 20 plus 20 equals 40.
You would see if it bubbles.
It does not work because the wire are not propel on the spring thing.
The long strings make a low pitch sound because the string is long than the others.
Touch the wires together.
Because the bulbs are in parallel circuit.
The solid is hard. It cannot go through because it is not a liquid.
No she cannot. Why is because she only has one switch and she has to have 2 for both to work.
It would not provide useful information because you would also need to know how much the blue heated up covered to.
Because if you put something in at the same time it will get the same results as the other one.
Because you might not know how much it is!
It has and weighs more with more things in it than a solution.
He could put in a evaporation tray and see the solid material!
That if she puts 3 scoops the beans will have more mass and the more fertilizer the less mass it has.
To run the motor use metal, but fabric will not work on it.
By looking at the patterns.
It will turn off.
You can get a coffee filter you pour it in the you wait for it to seep into the coffee filter.
It will show where the light is falling to tell where the shadow will fall.
I will know when it sticks or it repels.
If you take the same amount of water and weight it will measure to the same things.
Because it is the its spread apart.
It will run.
Shelter, space, and homes.
Protects the cotyledon and embryo.
Thermometer.
Sammy - Sammy's idea is much easier because the method is made of metal, wood, plastic. But Nathaniel is all wood, even though the shapes are different it would be the same sound and will be complicated for Sammy to guess. So I think Sammy's idea is much easier.
The salt separated with the water because the salt was heavier but the water was not even heavy.
Because the motor got all the power.
It tells me how much Maya used the fertilizer to produce the greatest mass of bean.
The farther away the effort is from the fulcrum the easier it is to lift the load.
Because dark colors absorb the heat, and light colors do not. They reflect them.
The syringe will go up and will tell you how many milliliters.
He is getting marbles and putting it in a cup.
The earth materials that were weathered away by the erosion flow farther in water or just move away from where they were.
Heat sink is anything that gets or contains heat.
By saying that the covered one get more hotter and the darker it is it is going to end up hot.
I agree with Kate because vibration creates sound, without vibration there would be no sound.
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 will burn out also.
Sammy's - I choose Sammy's because the sounds sound different.
He can probably look in a book or something to find out. All crystals are different.
Evaporate. The solid would crystallize, and the water would become vapor and go into the clouds.
It warms better.
Because if you do not you will get the wrong measurement.
The shadow change bigger and smaller because the sun is moving around the earth.
To see a bird's eye view which is better view than looking from land.
Because for the sound.
It will because it is made with metal.
Because what if there is only one metal item and you drop it and you hear metal.
I think yes and no because cookies are not just pure sugar they are sweet as well so they do have sugar but not a whole lot of sugar.
Because if you have a 20 mass piece and a 10 mass piece you have 40 grams all together.
The eroded earth materials during deposition get deposited to a different area.
Probably because they stopped putting indophenol in.
Is not the same.
Put the cold acid and wait for it react.
Number of tree rings gets larger over time.
As the scoops increase the mass increases until it gets too much fertilizer.
Because the tree is an object that is blocking the light.
She should attach one wire to a D-cell and the other to a switch. Then, she connects the D-cell and switch with a wire.
It is formed by a mouth of river of stream.
I chose this answer because there is too many foam blocks between the 2 magnets.
I would show the same thing so it would look like one whole piece.
The string was higher pitch because it had more tension.
Andi and Scott decided to investigate solar water heaters using collectors of different colors (but the same size) as one variable and covered versus uncovered as a second variable. Look at the graph of their data and answer the questions below. What does the graph tell you about the effect of using blue versus red collectors?
Nothing will happen because you have to have a switch in front of the negative side to have it work.
He could not because the 2 wires need to be touching.
The one that scratches the other.
Rub them against a crystal.
It is steeper because it is below sea level.
Because no 2 crystals are the same.
3 girls wanted to see who could throw a ball the farthest. Each girl brought her favorite ball to the park. Ling brought her basketball, Diana brought her football, and Rachael brought her baseball. They made a line on the playground. They all had to throw the ball from that line. Ling took 2 steps up to the line and threw her basketball. Diana stood at the line and threw her football. Rachael got a running start and threw her baseball when she reached the line. Rachael threw her ball the farthest. What variable did the girls control in the contest?
By connecting 2 wires together.
It would not be as high as when you pull it tight.
Because if he takes 50 milliliters out of A and puts it back in A it is still the same and if he takes 50 milliliters out of B and puts it back in then they are still both the same.
Because there was bubbles.
5 marbles amount it sank 3.
Below is a drawing of a river that carried sand, clay, and pebbles (past the river's mouth) to a lake. Why is the clay deposited where you indicated?
Because when the solid touches the side, it sticks.
There was bubbles but just there was a gas.
The water goes faster and the water gets higher and it start to overflow.
Sammy - Because if you have different objects for different words it would make more sense.
Organized cubes with X.
Because it vibrates in the water.
Lee would know if is a conductor if it runs.
Overly Orange and Luscious Lemon have vitamin C. My evidence are that it says that Overly Orange had 8 drops, and Luscious Lemon had 13 drops, and that also means that it has Vitamin C.
The one with scratches or deeper scratches is weaker and the other rock is harder.
Because it has the same shape and size.
40 meters, It is on an accurate scale.
Joanne mixed material R and material D together, added water, and stirred. After a few minutes, the liquid was clear and there was a solid on the bottom of the cup. Joanne used a paper filter to separate the solid from the liquid. Why does the solid stay in the filter when the liquid goes through?
By hitting the magnet and sending the force to the light.
The other bulbs will stay on.
Because your making vibrations.
Because it hits your Finger.
A. Because of 20 number it helps by the line.
40, Because between each is 20 and if you times 20 twice you will get 40.
The more blocks he puts in the truck the less the truck will travel.
I expect the temperature would be the same because they were the same on everything.
A shorter string makes a lower pitch and a longer string makes a higher pitch.
There are more materials.
What time something happened.
Georgia found one brown mineral and one black mineral. How will she know which one is harder?
Pam's friend recommend Map A because you could see the elevation, and see where things are.
Because there all can go steeper.
Sometimes a red stoplight changes to green only when a car stops at the light. A type of magnet hidden under the surface of the road triggers the light to turn green. What is it about the car that could trigger a magnet to send a signal to the light?
Because the white thing is touching the negative side.
It is not put to series.
It happens because if it is a cut off where I marked it they would still light.
A chemical reaction occurred. [The white solid is a precipitate (a new material) which indicates the reaction.]
He should look for the solid material in his house or store.
Nathaniel - I picked Nathaniel because a wooden blocks has a low sound and Sammy wants to use blocks made of plastic, metal, and wood. And the objects will make a low sound.
The long string got more room to vibrate than the little string.
I think the string would be tighter.
Pour the solution into evaporating dishes. The water evaporates, or turns into a gas, and the solid crystallizes.
One variable that should be controlled is the ball, everyone should use the same ball. Another is if you should get a running start.
Pam's friend recommend the topographic map so she can tell which side is steeper. It also shows the elevations for the height.
If it was shorter it would have a low sound.
No because the light bulb will flicker and the motor will keep going until she turns the switch off.
Because if you pluck a short string it will make a high pitch.
A. I looked at the chart.
Because on the key alum is a hexagon with a box in it and lines on the net observation it is the same.
Yes. The black box will heat up faster than the white because the black box is darker than the white box so the white box reflects the heat and the black box collects the heat.
To be a fruit it must have at least one seed in it.
You will see light or another one of it or reflex.
They have to have the same balls. They have to throw the ball in the same way.
Lee can test some things on this objects and see if it works.
A. The results help me find this out.
When the tuning fork is vibrating the would splash because when something is vibrating then something that is touching the tuning fork. So it would vibrate also.
One is left the other is right.
Because the foam will be too thick with 2.
Because 30 grams and 20 grams is much big.
It will happen because the motor and the bulb are not connected on the same wires.
That blue must be darker soil will absorb more than the red.
If you do not change one variable at a time its not a controlled experiment.
It is because it is the only one that allows the electricity to go in a complete circuit.
If the string is shorter, the pitch will be higher. If the string is longer, the pitch will be lower.
Because the lower it is the lower for big.
It is the leaf, stem, and roots.
The magnets will maybe not stick because the force of the magnets will maybe the pencil is long and the magnets cannot feel the other magnets.
He can mate the crystals to the solid material.
Because alum is the same one up there and I remembered studying it.
No, because Mariella's solution had more water.
So you can compare your answers.
The motor will still run.
Jack's experiment was to see how many marbles he could fit in the cup before sinking.
When you move the effort further away the effort increases, when you move it in the effort decreases.
Because it could not be a parallel circuit.
She will know because the one with a big spot has more fat than the other one.
The water in the creek during a flood is more capped than a normal molten. During a flood the water runs through more quickly and picks up earth materials in deposition first and takes them further. Also erosion happen more quickly.
If the syringe went up at all, that means the food contains acid. We already know that the food contains sugar because it fizzed.
The end or final will go white after it.
The bulb will not work because the negative and the positive cannot go in the same way.
Nathaniel - Because wood is one material wood, plastic and other materials.
No, because the pictures on the right show you that the cookies have less.
The motor will stop working.
Because the crystals in the circle are the same as the crystals in the alum square.
Because the earth rotates around not the sun rotates around the earth.
Because over time the sun goes to the west moving the shadow.
I do not think it would stick because a brass ring is not made out of iron.
The information you get is that you do not see the hole in the materials sand.
Because the electricity goes to the metal and that electricity goes to the filament.
The motor will stop running.
Bubbly, shiny and kind of see through.
The motor and light goes on.
X, x has less room to move around and y has less room to move around.
Only one circuit below will light the bulb. Which one will work? Why is that the only circuit that will work?
It will get blue and it will get dark or light.
Because there is a 10 centimeters on the graph and put 10 centimeters with one and it will change because it is bigger and more space to store more heat.
He can compare them with other crystals he can make and that will tell him.
They are dark in new places.
It tells me because they are air in different position. And they are more longer than covered.
There was either very little or no vitamin C at all in Fruitsnap.
A. Since more of hers were on the ground on something dark it would absorb more heat because dark colors absorb more heat.
A texture is smooth. B's texture is rough and bumpy.
The clay is very light so it can be carried farther than the sand and pebbles.
X. When equal amounts of 2 solutions are compared, the solution that is more concentrated will have the greater mass (weigh more). 50 milliliters of X has a greater mass than 50 milliliters of Y, so X must be more concentrated.
They both are the same size, have the same water amount, and are left out for the same time.
Draw an arrow to show which direction the water flows in the river. (Rose Mountain is on the left and Happy Valley is on the right in the drawing.) Why do you think the water flows in that direction?
The shadow is facing the east and in the afternoon the sun is shining west so the shadow is east.
It protects the seed from harm.
No, because on the top it has the name of the cookies and it shows how much sugar it has in it.
Because gas being formed can be a sign of a chemical reaction.
The same because they both reached the saturation point.
Don wanted to find out if a battery powered toy truck would always travel the same distance in 10 seconds no matter how heavy a load the truck carried. He placed one or more blocks (the load) in the back of the truck and recorded his results. (Each block had the same mass.) The following graph displays his results. What is the relationship between the number of blocks and the distance traveled by the truck in 10 seconds?
Marbles can weigh different. Different mass.
It would not go on the nail because a brass key has no magnetism in it.
It will not work because the positive is going to the positive end, the positive need to run into the negative side for it to run.
They both have a loop in them.
More water can cause more erosion because so much water is flowing through at a time. Also a steeper slope because the water will flow a lot faster.
Fizzing is a reaction.
Because it hits the other side.
Susan will know which food contains the most sugar seeing which one has the most carbon dioxide.
Where leaves, roots or a stem grows.
C. When there are more than one thing it get hotter faster and cooler faster too.
C. I selected pan C because pan C got the most black disks so pan C absorbs more heat.
I think that because the water flows down from the mountain first.
Because it was letting out gas.
That is one circuit.
The blue covered was very hot.
Ball flying in air.
It flows faster because of the water current pushing the other one.
When a paperclip sticks to a magnet, the paperclip turns into a temporary magnet, so the paperclip can stick to other paperclips and other things made of iron.
If the swinger is smaller it will swing faster if it was longer it will swing slower, If it is really really long it will only swing 5 times.
Evaporate the solute. The water dissolves and the solute will turn into crystals.
Explain in one sentence what each graph tells you. Graph A) number of tree rings versus time.
I will have big grease stain.
Whichever food has the most carbohydrates has more sugar. And that is how she will know her results.
Because the sand is heavier than the flour so the sand fell to the bottom before the flour had a chance to fall down and what is heavier falls down faster.
Because hands can be different sizes.
Yes. Because when someone is going to ask her what data support what is she going to say.
Nathaniel - I think because his has these things wooden, blocks.
Calcite crystals, salt crystals, acid, vinegar.
Because the balloon expanded and filled with gas and it bubbled up.
The more carbon dioxide the more carbon dioxide it has in it.
Yes you could because electricity could go through aluminum foil.
Because she saw bubbles.
No she would need 2 switches.
The string gets higher.
The blue covered got hotter and in the same amount of time than the red.
It would tell her that the one which bubbled up most must have acid or sugar.
It makes it louder.
The one who resists is the hardest.
Because there is a no battery for the motor to work.
That will happen because the switch will touch the wire and electricity will be able to flow.
B has more solute than A does therefore B will weigh more since the solute is equally spread.
Because the mixture bubbled.
Because the shadows.
It shows that if you put 0 fertilizer then it is 2.0. If you did one scoop she got 0.7 and if you did 2 you got 1.2 and if you did 3 you get 1.5 and 4 is 1.2 5 is 0.5 6 is 0.0.
One of the variables is the type of ball. And the second one is how many steps they took during the time when they were throwing balls.
They are facing different ways.
That is how you spell west east. West by the W. East by the E.
They have the same surface area, just flipped so they will heat equally.
Poured the top of the vial out.
Nathaniel - Because it would be easier to use different shapes and sizes to detect sounds.
I just went halfway into 3 and 9 which were the 10 and 30 centimeters temperature at 10 minutes. But since 20 centimeters was 10 centimeters away from 20 and 30 so I went halfway into 3 and 9 and it was 6 because 6 is 3 spaces away from 3 and 9.
The embryo contains the tiny leaves and root of the plant.
He will see clear and nothing in the bottom because you cannot see nothing in 3.
It is a material that decreases heat such as water.
It will happen because it is strong.
I just looked at it if it was early afternoon it would be pointing northeast and if it was late afternoon it would be point to southwest.
Because it is the vibration making it splash.
So it can keep growing so it will not.
Q is on the steepest part of the trail. I know this because the lines are closer together.
As time goes on the number of tree rings increases.
The clay goes the farthest because it has the least particles.
Because D is the only circuit that is touching the black dot.
She should attach a switch to one side of the wire and attach the other to the D-cell. Attach another wire to the D-cell and switch.
Yes.
It tells me that if you use a cover the water will heat.
Because when you put it in it wicks.
It shows the contour lines so they will know how steep the trail is. Also they will recognize the shape of the land.
Because the short one has more air so when you hit it it bring a low sound.
She needed to test pure sugar because then there would be nothing to compare with.
If it repels aluminum if it sticks iron, attract.
Because it is the same shape and has the same design in it.
A heat sink is something that absorbs heat and gives it off slowly.
No, because it is not a full circuit.
Luscious Lemon has a higher concentration of vitamin C because lemons are really sour and Overly Orange was not that sour.
Maybe the blue uncovered would be the same as the red or not, just to make sure.
They are a soft substance that disintegrates when it mixes with water.
To protect itself.
Both have the same because they have the same milliliters of water and they are both the same.
It is lower pitch when it is tighten so if it is looser then it is high pitch.
You use a standard to see if you can try a less amount each time you do an experiment.
A canyon is formed and the water pushes the dirt and other materials into a fan shape.
You will know because it will stick to a magnet.
Because the materials are stuck together with water and cannot go through the tiny holes in the filter.
How the crystals were shaped and how they looked.
Because the sun is behind them.
Connect it to a battery and a switch.
If the truck has less blocks it goes further.
No because brass ring does not have iron in it.
A has its loop on the left and right.
As the effort gets farther from the fulcrum it is easier to lift the load.
If it is iron the key will stick if it is aluminum it would not stick.
The D-cell is hooked up to the negative end and the other negative end and it cannot get any energy.
He could filter out the dissolved with a dry filter. And the water will be in its own cup.
Same water but more scoops.
The magnet was turning the paperclips into temporary magnets.
Because when you pull it. It hits your thumb.
By not being good.
Water breaks rock to little pieces.
Yes because Fruity Cream cookies have sugar.
Fruitsnap did not change color because it must not have vitamin.
Sammy - Because the blocks are made of different material.
Because it is a big pitch.
It is a product on the bottom of the cap.
If she did the pitch would be lower.
A new bed.
Because it has seeds and if it has seeds in it is a fruit.
Hook the wires to the power source.
Jana and Emily used indophenol to test 3 beverages for vitamin C. The number of drops they added to make a 10 milliliter sample of the blue indophenol indicator become colorless are given here: 8 drops of Overly Orange 13 drops of Luscious Lemon 33 drops of Fruitsnap (and it still didn't change color). Does Overly Orange or Luscious Lemon contain a higher concentration of vitamin C? What is the evidence?
Because it is.
The crystals are kosher salt and kosher salt is salt!
You would see bubbles rising from the calcite.
Square with X in it.
It is deposited there because it is lighter than sand and pebbles.
The clay is deposited where I indicated because the clay has the lesser mass so it is can be carried the farthest.
No because she can only turn the switch to the light bulb or the motor.
The direction of west is left that the west.
Germinates.
To provide food when germination.
Because the solid is too heavy to go through the paper.
Bill must have been using degrees Celsius if 28 is a warm temperature.
Sammy's - Because they sound different.
How far the balls went in the field.
She will know by the grease mark on the brown piece of paper.
The minutes and seconds of when the events happened.
She should get a D-cell to make it work.
Hands are not standard units.
I know because Q is at the bottom of the map.
It has a shadow because the tree is blocking the light from getting away.
Well Betty the earth moves around the sun and that kind of has something to do with it like at different times shadows move to different directions.
The variable that was not controlled was that they just brought any ball and made a line and threw it.
Because they look the same.
This happens because the sun rises in the east and sets in the west, therefore the sun's light is hitting the stop sign at different positions.
You get grid paper and put it on the grease spot and count the square in the grease spot.
Well, 20 centimeters long is in between water heaters A and B, so I looked at their heating temperature between the 2 at 10 minutes then I would estimate what that middle number would be. And it is 6 Celsius.
If you put citric acid the crystals will be like a influx.
Walnuts and peanuts are kind the same because walnuts have more centimeters squared than peanuts.
She can tell by how big each grease spot is so if walnuts had more fat it would have a bigger grease spot.
She will know because one bag will be different.
The salt crystal is a square shape with a X in the middle.
It will not light because the bulbs wires are not connected to both sockets.
After the water dried we noticed it was Kosher salt.
Clay sand pebbles.
Because I thought it was the best answer.
The rings do not touch each other because the rings are magnets so they repel because 2 south and north facing each other.
Yes because they are whole new materials.
Sammy's. Different materials would make very different sounds. Different size wood would make very similar sounds.
Sammy - Because when you drop something in the drop chamber it will be making sound.
The water in a chart is much higher during a flood and it goes faster.
How it different is the shorter string has a higher pitch and the long string make a low pitch.
You can try it out altogether.
The color and the want was like. And he can see the hot or cold. And measure and feel it all. And it is stuff.
The paperclip is attaching like a temporary magnet.
Yes it is.
I would look at them to tell.
Because on the key alum is a hexagon and a hexagon in the middle with lines going from each point to the point on the hexagon inside.
During deposition earth materials get deposited into other places.
When you make the string small the volume is louder.
The object of the shadow is blocking light so there would be a shadow.
Topaz would be all no's compared the minerals X, Y, and Z because topaz is one of the scratch free minerals.
Because a crystal identifies the solute!
I think the brass ring would stick because the paper clip would probably have enough strength to hold one more thing.
Sammy's - Sammy's, they are made out of different things.
To store all the food.
The magnets will not stick because 2 foam blocks have more space than one.
Because salt is made up of little crystals.
Give it nutrients.
Solutions are clear.
Because alum has a hexagon shape.
No Because it can travel from air.
No, because with pure sugar is higher than 200 milliliters and Fruity Cream cookies is 150 milliliters.
There is layers and on the top there is flour because the heavy and the bottom is the sand because sand heavier and it goes down.
2. Draw your model on the overlay grid. 4. Draw it.
Sammy - One is made out of wood and the different material.
The sound would be lower.
It is iron or steel.
To compare the fat in walnuts and peanuts you will need 2 brown papers, a grid, a spoon, and a scale. 1. Draw a even circle on your indicator. Brown papers. 2. Put your walnuts and peanuts on your indicator, but it has to be a even amount. 3. Then smash it up and weigh it. When you smash it up make sure it is in the circles. 4. Let it sit for 2 days. 5. After the second day put your walnuts or peanuts under your grid and circle your grease spots and count your whole squares. Circle the center circle and the grease spot around the center circle.
If the key sticks.
I followed where I walk and it came to me and I found all the sides.
A lizard needs food, home, space, air, water.
He could compare the crystals to other crystals.
The motors shown at the right with the D-cell batteries will NOT run. Explain why.
A solution is a different type of mixture. Then they are a solution is a mixtures that dissolves.
On the other there is connection with the D-cell with the light.
Because it is a cinematic circuit.
Because if you put it in the water it has volume and volume helps make sound.
In the early afternoon it would look point, north east.
C. Well it has more black, and the sun's heat is attracted by dark colors, so the heat would stay on C.
First they all do the standard way then they throw the same ball and write then they do that again 2 times with the other balls then finally they write it and compare.
They all needed to have the same ball.
It indicates a precipitate.
To see if the standard might be faster than the other.
C because it is on the square part and on the round ball.
Because the rubber band is vibrating.
If you looked in a mirror you would see your image.
Yes. Because aluminum foil is good conductor.
It is completing the circuit, but the motor is not connected to a complete circuit, but the bulb is.
She should use the dark green because it will absorb more heat.
What triggers it could be when something that is not magnetic like the North and South thing it does not attract!
The calcite crystals were lines and the salt crystals were pyramids and squares.
The water flow in a creek during a flood is different from normal water flow because the water during a flood would flow more rapidly than the normal flow.
The north pole and another north pole are touching on the magnet or the south pole and south pole which makes them repel.
You would see bubbles floating up or down.
If she uses dark plastic the water will heat up more quickly.
Sammys - Because there are different sounds with Sammy's idea.
It does that because the magnet in the light attracts to the iron on the car.
Nobody get a running start and they all use the same ball to make it fair.
Well she could try the light would not work as strong as the motor.
I choose that answer because in the picture the magnets look like they will fall to the ground but the magnets are still connected. So I think the magnets will fall.
To see if it was Epsom salt, salt, citric acid or calcium chloride.
It would be the same because they both have the same amount of water and they are the same size.
Because fizzing is a sign of gas leaving a material and that is a chemical reaction.
Going up 5 marbles each time he put them in.
The bulb will not light up because they are all not connected and this does not make a circuit.
With Xs.
Because it will start to do like a mountain.
He could put it through a filter and then he would be able to see the crystals.
No because the D-cell in the middle.
It will turn on.
Greta used his hands. Andre used the white board. They should use the same thing.
Yes. If she wanted to heat up a box it would be the black one because a dark color takes the heat faster than the white one because white is brighter than black.
She should add shelter and space.
It will happen because right now it is a closed circuit, so if she moves it to the left it will be an open circuit.
Finally Cream cookies are not pure sugar I know that because.
The rubbings tell you that you cannot see A. And later a string to tell you that it is darker than A.
What you get from the logs are the times.
Because the sand is big so it goes on the bottom and the flour is small so it goes on the top of the sand.
It separated because the sand sank below the flour and the flour stayed on top.
To do one at a time.
The bulb will no because the other wire is not connected.
He was able to do that because the magnetic force flows through the paperclips and creates a temporary magnet.
Is was 60 milliliters.
It did not change color because Fruitsnap has no vitamin C.
When he put the solid in the liquid it start to bubbles.
Sammy - Because they all are different sound with Sammy but Nathaniel make all the same sounds.
No because she need a wire and a switch.
The salt was small enough to go through the holes while the sand was too big to go through.
Why is that the water flows down away from the mountain.
A delta forms whenever a river picks up dirt, sand and clay and carries them to the mouth of the river were it is weakened so it drops the materials and forms a delta.
Let it evaporate.
No because both wires are on both place.
She did make a reaction by saying that there was bubbles in the cup.
A. Because water is a heat sink so it heats up slowly and soil heats up quickly.
No, because it does not have any metal.
Because they are the same and they are loop.
To make sound.
No because the switch cannot go 2 ways at once.
S because it is closer together.
The rubber band vibrates.
Stores supply.
Sammy - Because it is all kinds of stuff and Nathaniel is all wood it is hard to tell.
I put answer b because 20 plus 10 equals 30.
As time goes on the number of tree ring are higher.
If one goes out then the 2 will stay on.
It would stay on.
Last time we were using our hand to measure the table and our hand we small and some of our kids was big.
They need to use the same kind of balls and they need the same procedure of throwing.
I chose it because dark green is darker than yellow, and because the green absorbs heat and yellow reflects.
Yes. Because anything black will absorb the heat, and the heat will make the box hotter every 5 minutes that she checks. But if she was talking about the white box the answer would be no because white does not absorb heat like black does, it just makes it even cooler than hotter. So the answer is Yes!
Topaz is harder. Because topaz is the hardest birthstone.
Susan will know which food contains the most sugar by how high the volume tube goes. Look at the one with the highest number or highest volume tube.
You use a standard to control your procedure, like if you get it wrong you can see what you did.
Part of a seed that grows into a plant.
It is clear.
He used Celsius.
She can rub the scratch. If it goes away, the black one is harder. If it stays there, the brown one is harder.
Overly Orange contains a higher concentration of vitamin C, because it took less drops to change the color.
It did not change because it had not much vitamin C, so it would take a lot of drops.
The reason is that the bulbs are in a parallel circuit.
Because the blue uncovered and the red covered is like the same like the blue uncovered.
It goes up each one.
Because the root is the seed or the to be growing the hair.
Delta is form by different kinds of rock and gravity.
The solid will maybe dry up and water will stay the same.
No because the string is not a wire.
Because the tree is in the sun's way so it will cast off a shadow.
Because something has to happen for the precipitate to be made.
A controlled experiment is a experiment that you can control by weight and the length of string.
I agree with her because when an object moves it causes vibration and vibration causes sound.
Blue is more darker so it absorbs more heat and that is why it is bigger.
A. It has higher results and her box is long and of course skinny.
No because the Fruity Cream cookies are only 150 milliliters while pure sugar is 200 milliliters.
Yes, because if you get the same amount of water from each then weighed it they would measure up to the same amount.
Their wings.
The farther away the effort is the easier it is to lift the load.
The motor will turn on if she moves it to the right.
Anna wants to compare the fat in walnuts and peanuts, but she isn't sure how. Write a procedure Anna can use to compare the fat in walnuts and peanuts.
So you can see if the bags have the same paw.
The time it happens.
Grow.
It would tell her that how much acid is in lemon, lime, or tangerine.
More info of the experiment.
Because she said the water was clear. When water is clear then it is a solution.
The fizzing means that it came from the gas.
Sammy - If it will be soft or low or high or low the pitch will be different sound! Some will be loud or low!
Nigel made solutions in the bottles as shown below. Solution A was 2 spoons solute in 50 milliliters water and was clear with no material on the bottom. Solution B was 4 spoons solute in 100 milliliters water and was clear with no material on the bottom. Nigel took 50 milliliters of solution from bottle A and put it in cup A and 50 milliliters of solution from bottle B and put it into cup B. He put the cups on each side of the balance. Which picture shows what would happen? A is heavier than B, B is heavier than A, (A and B are the same weight). Explain your choice.
The results tell her that acid is present.
To tell people to move.
If it has a lot of sugar a little bit of sugar or no sugar at all.
It is greater than because they have the same amount of water but 5 has one more spoon than 4.
The motor will only run.
He would observe the solution clear and nothing at the bottom because one and 3 do not have anything at the bottom and if 3 does not have any solute at the bottom 2 would not either.
Because heat is absorbed by dark colors.
It is important to use a standard unit of measurement because if you do not it will not be correct.
Because at the end the eggshell was gone and the water was clear.
Because the solution began to bubble.
No it has to hook up to the D-cell.
It would be the hardest because none of the tools could scratch it.
As the number of blocks increases, the distance increase.
Because the baking soda and citric acid started out plain but when you poured water in it reacted.
If you use a water source with a bigger hole, more water will come out which will cause erosion. If you make the slope steeper, the water will run down faster.
60 meters, you are just doubling it.
Because it started to bubble or to fizz and it is the proof of gas.
Blue heats water better.
She would have to know the food the lizards want.
No because it is a String.
Nothing.
Well It would be clear because 2 has more solid and is still clear.
The motor will still work.
This chemical reaction indicates that there is sugar presence in the sample of the food.
Jim could separate dissolved water by using a filter. The water turns clear.
They are not touching because there are a north and south on a magnet and the north is facing the other north.
Use same size marbles.
The same object.
I do not agree because object does not have to move all the time.
A. Julie's box had more black so the box was hotter because the more black the more the heat the black absorb. So that is why I chose Julie's because in my graph hers was the highest.
A cotyledon is the part over the water.
The water goes out of its channel. The water speeds up.
Wendy should plug in the electromagnet.
How far they throw the balls and the kind of balls that bring are 2 uncontrolled variables.
Jim could pour the water onto a plate and have the water evaporate and the solid will crystallize.
They are not in the same place.
Earth materials erode and are carried by flowing water (a river). The earth materials form a delta when the materials are dropped off or deposited when the water stops flowing (at the mouth of a river).
Rub them together and see if you can scratch it harder.
A solution is different from a mixture because it is when you mix 2 or more things and a solution is when like water and salt dissolves or evaporated.
Because you are comparing 2 thing and it would not make any sense because you know black heats faster than white.
You have to pull up and in the other system you will pull down.
Yes, because the wires are connected to both items.
Sammy - Because if they are the same material you would have to figure what size it was and which one it was, you would be able to tell easier if it was plastic, metal, or wood.
How do you define a controlled experiment?
Put part of the broken rock in the cup. Then add vinegar. If it starts bubbling a lot, it has calcite.
The reaction indicates that yeast contains acid.
The water flow in a creek during a flood compared to normal water flow is the same.
It was while you could see through square.
You would see bubbles.
A short string makes a low note because it has less room to vibrate.
Cold pour in cup.
He should put it in a vial with vinegar and then drop only the vinegar on later and when it is done there should be white crystals.
Some marbles are different sizes.
30, well because if A and B equals 20 meters and B true C looked like 10 more meters and I think is 30 meters.
I know it is a solid because it has stuff in the but mine.
The sun goes over us and we go around.
A hard outer covering to act protects the cotyledon.
Yes because foil can very well convert electricity.
Because sand is heavier than flour.
That there is sugar in the food.
The rings do not touch each other because the magnets are facing positive to negative.
Sammy - Sammy's is easier because Sammy's idea has metal, plastic, and wood so it would be easier to discriminate the properties of the objects.
The number of tree rings and the time is increasing.
The were like feathers they were tiny little overlapping squares.
The wires are not supposed to be connected like that.
It will still run.
I would look for bubbles if the it has bubble it has calcite.
Because one has the most power than the other one.
The distance goes up one every time also the number of blocks.
It is not connected properly because the wires are not connected properly on the motor.
The marbles might be different sizes.
Because the bulb will not have enough energy because of the light bulb.
40 meters, Because the contour numbers or lines are counting by 20 meters.
That heat up more fast than other.
40 meters, I know this because A to B is 20 meters and the next contour line is another 20 meters away it must be 40 meters.
By comparing the 2 prints.
It takes more effort the farther away the load is from the fulcrum.
The rings are not touch each other because they are not facing the right way.
Feeds baby plant, embryo.
So the seed can get out and grow.
The third will not burn out.
I do agree with her because if a sound is made it vibrates and vibration is back and forth movement and without vibration you can not make a sound.
Because it looks like alum but more crystals.
The whale structure includes the root, stem, and leaves.
More power goes to the motor.
You can get a key and a iron nail and aluminum foil and see if it sticks.
I chose the ones I did because you the water to flow not slower.
Because a negative and a negative will not work.
Grace thinks she made a reaction because bubbles appeared on the eggshells and that is what a reaction is.
In a log it tells how is the canyons, deltas, erosions are happening at times. And it shows what the important times are there.
To make noise.
What process forms deltas? A. Gravity B. Erosion (C. Deposition) D. Decomposition.  Explain how deltas form.
It is greater than because it has one more spoon of the solid.
The both finer patterns are loop.
The salt dissolved and became smaller. The sand became mud and got caught together and stayed on top.
That is has a lot of acid and vitamin C.
The electricity flows through the plus and the minus to a circle to the light bulb.
Because when an opaque object stands in the way of light the shadow is what replaces the light that should have been there.
You look real hard to see that either their toes are separated or they have print on them.
Stores food for it until it grows into a plant.
Adam's friend gave him a cup filled with a water solution. Adam did not know what solid material was used to make it. He evaporated the solution and found crystals in the dish after all of the water was gone. How will the crystals help him decide what solid material was used to make the solution?
He can put the 2 wires at the bottom of the picture together and the things will start to move.
Where they threw it from.
During deposition the materials are getting washed downstream and when the river comes to an opening they get deposited.
I chose this one because in the picture above there is more water in cup B.
Yes because different materials have different solubility.
It depends how strong the magnets are or how big the magnetic force is.
It clearly states that 2 has more.
The seed coat is for protection.
Because there was a lot of bubbles on the eggshell after she added the vinegar.
Because it is dark green and dark colors heat faster than light colors.
It indicates that there is sugar in the food.
It might hit the electricity to make it work.
Sometimes because fizzing means that gas is escaping and that is a chemical reaction.
That white solid indicates a precipitate.
The drawing above shows a plaza in the afternoon. Label the west side of the drawing with a W. Label the north side of the drawing with an N. How did you know which direction was west?
A. A was the highest because dry soil heats faster.
If something is covered with a dark color it will receive more heat from the sun and the heat will stay in.
Only one variable is changed at a time.
They got different measurements because Andre has bigger hands than Greta.
That the water is clear.
Sammy's - Because Sammy's idea uses different materials with different sounds. But Nathaniel uses the same materials with the same sounds.
The roots grow first to kind of support the plant and to soak up the water.
An experiment is controlled if only one variable is changed at a time.
A plant.
The pitch gets lower.
By a ping pong ball, a table, a cup full of water, and most of all hitting it too hard.
So when people in cars are driving it tells them to get out of the way.
The longer the string, the longer the traveling distance so the less times if goes back and forth.
Because her dad does not want to eat that much sugar.
Feeds the seed.
You will see bubbles coming up and you will see them going fast.
Because the earth moves and the sun does not.
The cotyledon is the baby seed.
You would see bubbles fizzing to the top.
Well if the string is long it swings less times but if it is short it swings more times.
Sammy - Because he wanted to use plastic, metal, and wood.
The salt turns to liquid like an ice cube and then to water sand does not.
It would look clear and who have nothing on the bottom.
It did not work because it has no vitamin C.
When the water splashed vibration caused it and that is what cause the sound too.
2. Copy it in the journal. 4. Draw any boundaries that you need.
The switch will be off.
Because if you do not get the right answer. Because we are in the class. And we might in the same group in the class.
The tree is an object blocking the sun so it has a shadow.
By waiting for 2 days from morning until night, then you will see which one is fattier.
A looks kind of smooth and the other one has bumps.
It is to work and the abdomen?
On A they colored it light and on B they colored it hard.
It will run or turn on if it is a conductor.
He should put a mock rock in a cup of vinegar, and if there is bubbles there is calcite.
Because blue uncovered does not attract that much heat like the red one does.
The deposited where I indicated because clay is a lot heavier than sand and pebbles.
C. C because it holds 3 black papers in the pan with water facing the sun. Black absorbs the heat.
A bigger water hole would allow more water to come through faster. Making the slope steeper and water would run through faster.
Once the third scoop is added you are good to go and not to use over 3 scoops.
The cotyledon provides food for the plant until the plant can make food for itself.
2. Measure your photo and your notebook. 4. Then draw everything smaller onto your notebook paper.
The size of the rug was 18 grams.
As the fertilizer increases the beans increase then decrease.
As time goes on the number of tree rings grows higher.
It gather up food for the seed.
It would become higher.
No, because it is not made out of metal.
A. Dry soil heats up quickly and more than water but loses its heat quickly like line A on the graph.
A large paper cup with labels.
By looking at it when Sarah tries it.
The distance matters in this experiment. The closer the effort is to the fulcrum, the more effort it takes to lift the fulcrum.
Yes I agree with her, because when it moves it makes vibrations and that is what helps to make sound and when it is not moving it is not making sound.
Because they are the same temperature.
To protect the cotyledon.
It goes in a pattern like 0 is on 0.2 and like one is on 0.7 and goes from even to odd.
There is a precipitate on the bottom.
They separate because the water made them into layers. That is why they separated.
The magnetism went through the first paperclip to the rest.
Scratch the 2 rocks together.
They have a square with a X in it.
A erosion happen and over the time it forms.
What happens to earth materials during deposition?
They should all stand at the line and throw.
It tells you that it will heat up faster.
C. The cake pan C had the most black in it so it warmed up the quickest and made the water warmer.
Because left is to turn on and right is to turn off.
It is the food supply until the plant grows leaves.
C. The one with 3 disks could of got hot because it had more disks than A or B. Since it has more disks then it was the one that got the hottest because the sun heat got in it more than the other 2.
Because the salt dissolved in the water and the sand did not.
Overly Orange contains a higher concentration of vitamin C. The evidence is because if the juice becomes clear with less drops of vitamin C, it means that the vitamin C is strong in that juice.
Topaz would be the hardest because none of the tools could scratch it and at least one tool.
The salt crystals have little Xs and are square shape.
Because the sand is the heaviest and the sand would go to the bottom.
Instead of going it went down.
I chose it because there is a 20 grams piece and a 10 grams piece but the ball is not even with the other side so it must weigh more.
You can tell by the way the crystals are shaped.
Because it is bigger and I heard one before.
I think they both did it wrong because we measured it and it was 150.
You have to pull more ropes and a single fixed requires more effort.
It stores food.
Root hair.
The smaller the string the more the swing. The longer the string less swings.
That how much is the land that moved.
It is in both the same circuit.
Yes. Because black heats up faster and white reflects.
Another disadvantage might be that you cannot lift the load as high as you can in the single fixed because you are using more string.
Wendy should connect the insulated wire to a D-cell and a switch and that will be a complete circuit and it will attract iron or steel.
Is because the longer the string the shorter of swings.
So that you can see the results of an experiment before a variable is changed so you can compare.
Greater than because it has more scoops.
The small side would have a high pitch Because it vibrates faster.
The foam blocks are too thick, the magnetic force cannot go through.
Yes because the solubility is of mixtures are not all the same.
The tree in the picture below has a shadow because the light hits the object and why there a shadow is because the light is being blocked off from front on back of the object.
The results will tell her the amount of acid and sugar.
Making a bigger hole causes more water which makes it flow faster causing more erosion. Also having a steep slope makes water flow faster causing more erosion.
A chemical reaction.
A is harder to read than B.
A delta forms at the mouth of a river when earth material is carried away in a river.
It will not light because one wire has to go in one side and one wire has to go in the other.
Sammy - Because the metal and wood makes a louder sound kind of like vibration.
The red does not heat up fast as the blue covered.
Because it vibrates and vibration makes Sound.
I think the reason why Grace thinks she made a solution is because the eggshells went away after awhile.
It depends on the power of the magnets.
It would sound lower.
They will not run because the electricity gets stopped when it goes through the D-cells.
I just times it by how it is or just the way it is.
I decide that the temperature is going to be less.
It nest to have a seed.
Because when you use a bigger whole the canyon is deeper and when you have a slope all the water forms a canyon.
The one that got a scratch is not hard.
Yes she can because the flow will go all the way to the source.
The motor will not work.
They are correct because the materials are 2 whole different materials.
To gather water for food.
Overly Orange. It has less drops and which one is less has higher vitamin C.
No, Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar because if you compare it the cookies are not the same mass.
A heat sink is water because it absorb the slowly and it lets go slowly.
If has seed, in it the do have seeds, in it.
Because the crystals from calcite look like little needles and the salt crystals had squares with Xs on them.
To protect it.
Tabby made 2 solutions using the same solute and water. [Cup one has 6 spoons solute in 50 milliliters water. Cup 2 has 8 spoons solute in 50 milliliters water. Both solutions are clear with material on the bottom.] Which sentence below describes the concentrations of the 2 solutions? (A. The solutions in the cups have the same concentration.) B. Cup one has the more concentrated solution. C. Cup 2 has the more concentrated solution. D. There is not enough information to answer the question. Explain your choice.
Because I looked at 10 centimeters and looked at 10 minutes and then I thought what was half of 3 and that is how I got my answer.
Yes because cookies has a lot of sugar in it.
I know because the contour lines are closer together.
They had to throw at a line.
The motor will stay on.
Sound like Pum!
Salt.
A long string makes a low sound and a short string makes a high sound.
I chose the same because he took bottle A and half of bottle B and half of bottle B equals A.
She will know because the ink will be going up and down.
The pitch will change by the way she plucks it.
If you do not use a standard unit you might not get the right answer you may not even get one that is close.
Because it is has 2 sponges.
How much water is in it, and how much spoons of solid are in it.
The liquid was too big to go through the holes.
When the solid material is disappeared.
A. A because dry heats up faster because it has no breeze or moisten anything to where is absorbs more.
A. Container A had dry soil because non wet materials or dry materials will heat up faster than wet materials because wet materials are heat sinks and they take longer to absorb and release heat.
Because they are both different.
Because when the sun is in the east your shadow is really big like in the picture. So if the sun is in the east I would know.
A heat sink is something takes long to cool down and get hot.
Greater than mixture 4.
It tells me that blue heats the water more.
No. She cannot because the switch has to be in front of the negative sign.
It stayed there because of its size.
It would make 30 swings in 15 seconds.
The one that is harder will scratch the less harder one.
As time goes on the speed of light stays the same.
Because whenever it fizzes or bubbles that means it is a reaction.
Because Alum looks like that.
40, because if it is like then to get to C just add another 20 meters.
If there are the mass of the beans and the fertilizer they will be different.
The solutions have the same concentration (2 spoons in 50 milliliters is the same as 4 spoons in 100 milliliters) so the mass would also be the same.
I think it would stick for a little bit depending on how long you hold the magnet to the nail because the nail becomes a temporary magnet.
Yes, you can. That is because aluminum is a conductor of electricity.
There is vibrations.
They are repelling.
Because it need to stay it will not grow at all.
The motor shall not run because electricity flows out of the negative side of the battery.
It would sound louder.
Because if it splashes it is vibrating so she knows now.
The difference between a flooded creek and a normal creek is water level and water pressure.
By sticking the key to a magnet and try it out.
By putting the object on the 2 wires.
It could send a trigger because the car is made of a type of metal and the magnet would attract.
It makes a sound in the water and you know that it makes a sound because the sound vibrates the water and where there is sound there is vibration.
No, Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar. My evidence was, pure sugar result were 200 milliliters and the cookies were 150.
When a seed germinates, why does the root grow first?
In order to tell which is harder, else would have to see if the penny and nickel leave a mark to see which is harder.
The water dried up and left the salt.
Nathaniel - Because a big triangle block would sound the same as a little square block.
Softer.
How it is compared to X, Y, and Z is that the finger and the penny cannot scratch mineral X and Z.
Get another wire hook it with the D-cell and the switch get the insulated wire and hook it to the switch and D-cell then turn it on with the switch and there a electromagnet.
I know that because it is mixed up because it is not clear anymore.
It has more details and they show other paths beside just her's.
Because the tree is blocking the sunshine.
Yes because Janet used silver chloride and Mike used silver nitrate which means if they used 2 different things they both could be right.
A. I picked A because the inside had more black space.
Because the sun is hitting at an object, and making a shadow.
Kate said: "An object has to move to produce sound." Do you agree with her? Why or why not?
You would see the other side but it would be in the mirror.
It will happen because electricity is flowing to the light bulb.
To see if pure sugar was the same as Fruity Cream cookies.
2. Trace over with marker on overlay. 4. Then draw what is on your overlay in pencil in your notebook.
Mixture 5 because they have the same amount of water but mixture 5 has more spoon.
Sue bought a white wading pool for her grandchildren. She wanted to heat up the water as fast as possible. She thought that if she put plastic sheeting in the bottom of the pool it might heat up the water faster. She had a sheet of yellow plastic and a sheet of dark green plastic. What should Sue do to heat the water as fast as possible? A. Put the yellow sheeting on the bottom of the pool. (B. Put the dark green sheeting on the bottom of the pool.) C. Put no sheeting on the bottom of the pool; leave it white. Explain why you chose that answer.
Look at the finger patterns below, then answer the questions. What is different about the finger patterns?
I counted the grams and got 30 grams.
She can rub them together and switch, if there is a mark on it and it goes away, it is hard.
Because the solution bubbled.
Yes. Because vibration is movement and to create vibration the object has to move to create sound.
The results will tell her how much vitamin C it in her test.
She thinks the water was clear, which it was so it was a solution.
The farther away the effort is from the fulcrum the greater advantage you get.
IT High When it Shorter.
It got higher.
It is what covers the seed.
How many pennies boat sank.
On the stream table logs show when each event happened on the map show where each events looks like.
It was possible because the magnetic force from the magnet ran through the first paperclip almost making that paperclip like a magnet so it was able to pick up more.
Because there were gas bubbles.
The loops are coming from different sides.
The delta.
The seed coat protects the seed until the plant begins to grow.
When they are in the container the water brushes off some dirt from the solid.
A box and in X in the box.
The opposite thing that was on the paper.
Higher pitch.
How long it took to get a number of rings.
They bulbs will not go out.
Because 2 foam blocks are a lot thicker for the magnetic field to get through.
I pick gravity because gravity is like process.
The disadvantage is distance in this one and in a single fixed it is that the load's weight stays the same the whole time.
It tells you where things are.
Cars are made of steel and steel is attracted to magnetism.
Look at the grease that is on it and what has the most grease has the most fat.
Maybe Greta has a bigger hand and Andre smaller hand.
I chose that answer because when I look down the picture it look the same as the picture up there.
Because it is only 2 colors.
Rub them together and see if one scratches the other.
They had to throw their ball first at the same time.
A thermometer.
A structure for the next lizard.
On the stream table log I got the times of everything.
It indicates how much sugar there is.
Connect the wire to a D-cell and connect the wire to a switch and turn it on.
It is like a guitar string only rubber.
It indicates that sugar is in the food.
The pitch would be lower because it has less room to vibrate.
A heat sink is not a thing like water.
Mary told her friend Sharice that she had a rug to sell. Sharice asked if the rug would fit perfectly, wall to wall, in her bedroom. Mary went home and measured the rug. She put her feet heel-to-toe and counted the number of shoe lengths it took to measure the rug. She found the rug was 18 shoes long and 12 shoes wide. Sharice did the same thing in her room to measure the space for the rug. Her floor was 18 shoes long and 12 shoes wide. A perfect fit! Sharice bought the rug and took it home. To her dismay, she found it was too short and too narrow for her bedroom! What could Mary and Sharice do to better measure the size of the rug?
How long it takes to get to the speed of light.
A. Well the more area black covers the hotter it will get. Just like in the table. Since A covers more I thought that A would be a perfect match with the table.
It is shaped like a diamond and it looks like a diamond.
2. Get a writing utensil. 4. Trace the model.
30 meters, I measured with my fingers that C was half of B, and since B is 20 and half of that is 10 I added both of them together and got 30 meters.
A heat sink is water that heats up more slowly and cools down more slowly than earth dry materials.
Because X 10 minute with 2 Y.
Because the motors do not have a minus side. They both have a positive side.
Pam's friend recommended to use a topographic map for the hike because in a topographic map you can see the profile of something which profile is a side view.
Use a meter tape.
Evaporate the water so there is just the solid.
40 meters, now I know is if A to B is 20 meters than A to C is 40 because you add another.
They should use the same marbles.
So others will know.
Yes. The black covered one is going to get hotter because black absorbs heat and white reflects the heat.
So the plant can get water.
Yes, because if it has lower drops it has more vitamin than others.
Because the solid was bigger than the liquid so it got stuck!
I think it flows there because the river eroded the valley and the water would be flowing down the valley.
Whichever one was damaged most was less hard.
The number of blocks is measuring by meters.
Blue was the darkest color and it was covered and that is how it got hotter.
A. Julie made box A because her temperatures were high. Box A has more black than box B. So box A will absorb more heat since it has more black.
The bulb will light.
Because the need to tell and see what did it happen there or where and somewhere it could be.
No! The switch cannot be left and right at the same time.
That they all threw their ball at the same place.
X, I know cup x is more concentrated because on the balance cup x is heavier and cup y is less concentrated.
Chemical reaction.
To fly.
Provide food.
Overly Orange contains more vitamin C because it took less drops to change the color of the indophenol.
That the food had sugar in it and carbon dioxide.
You can take 2 small pieces of brown paper take one walnut out of the shell, smash it down on one of the pieces of paper, do the same with the peanut, and let them sit overnight maybe 2 nights then look at the brown papers. The one with a larger grease spot has more fat.
Because if you bang it on the wood it starts to make a weird sound! But if you put it in water, you can see that it is moving because the water goes swash so you can see it move.
Because the force field might be big enough to go through both foam blocks but it might not be.
Because if you do not use it will not be right.
The white solid indicates that the white solid went to the bottom.
A delta is formed when water is deposited.
She will know because the bag that was highest in the volume tube when pressing down has the most sugar.
There is no vitamin C in the drink.
The yeast will react and the bag is going to fill up with and measure it with air and measure it with a volume measure.
Because it does not have as much vitamin C as Overly Orange or Luscious Lemon.
Once a solution is saturated it is at its highest level of concentration.
They will stay lit.
Because the egg shells disappeared.
4 squares one X.
If the magnet attracts or not.
Use a standard measurement like a meter.
X, well on a balance is on the bottom and if it can lift the other solution it is more concentrated.
It would be the best to demonstrate how shadows change during the day because the sun does not move and the earth rotates around the sun. So rotating the earth would show how shadows rotate during the day.
What happens to earth material during deposition is that the materials are worn away from the earth.
Because the elevation increases and does not decrease.
Well, it is going out too far, far enough to not work.
It turns really really loud.
By doing the steps that I told her.
Because each side of the rubber band will snap together.
Deltas are form by erosion and deposition.
Let the water evaporate and the salt is left behind.
The top bulb will still light up.
Probably because they did something wrong and it did not work.
Because there is no standard unit.
X, because it is heavier.
Elena should put leaves, logs, and tree branches in the habitat.
If the string is longer it will go slower.
The speed of light is fast.
Only the motor will run.
Deltas are earth materials that are carried away by the river and settle.
He will know because the motor will run.
As time goes on the number of tree rings are increasing as it goes.
It is when the sun absorbs the water from the sand.
When the temperature in the thermometer goes down or decreases.
The lower the higher the higher the lower.
No because no solid that one has more than the other in the same amount of water.
In a flood the water flows faster than in normal water level.
She would see if there is different pigment in the color.
You will know if the motor turns on that it is a good conductor.
That will more number of blocks the slower it goes.
The longer string is lower and the shorter string is higher.
Because the hands are not the same size.
The balls all need to be the same and they all have to stand and throw.
The sound will be a high pitch.
Holds the food.
Both - Because wooden blocks are just like Sammy's blocks.
Yes because vibration is a type of movement and sound is made by vibration.
A high pitch.
They look the same and it could hold the same amount of water.
I know it is the steepest part of the trail because the lines are the closest together.
It is going to stop.
1. Take a paper filter. 2. Get the filter wet. 3. Pour the mixture in. 4. Let the filter dry. 5. The mixture is separated.
When the first paperclip touched the magnet it became a temporary magnet that is what happened to each of the paperclips as it touched the one before it.
Chemical reaction means it has what you are looking for, sugar, acid, fat.
Because it is far away and I do not know how big the energy field is.
Nathaniel - I choose Nathaniel because his idea sounds better than Sammy's because using other kinds of block might be a bad idea.
It will not run because there is not enough D-cells to make both of them work.
Because there were bubbles.
The more blocks it carried the less farther it would go.
Put a glass in the center of the tank.
Because so it can tell people to get out of the way in case of a fire.
A solution is when an object disappears in the liquid and in a mixture the object does not disappear.
She can use a scale and she can but the amount of peanuts, and walnuts. And the smash it on a piece of paper and wait 2 days before you look to see how much fat there will be.
The relationship is that the more blocks that you put in the truck the less distance it will cover.
It is because answer D's wire starts below the light bulb.
The brass would not stick because it is not made of iron.
The graph tells me that the number of rings is really high.
It saturated in the cup.
If it bubbles it has calcite.
She did make a reaction because she saw bubbles.
The one that got scratch each penny or a nickel got scratch.
The same because both solutions are saturated.
An experiment that only changes one variable at a time.
The depositions collapsing into them.
She could use a brown piece of paper with a circle on it and place a walnut and on the other piece of paper place a peanut.
The solid seems to disappear, or dissolve.
When you make it long it make it low sound when you make it short it a height sound.
It did not because it had no vitamin C or a little bit of vitamin C.
That happened because the earth moves which made the sun face the other way and made the sign face the other direction.
The light run.
Stem.
Greater than.
When you pull your string it makes a sound.
Because the sun rises at the east and the sun is moving.
Cover.
Jack changed probably was the amount of water.
She will know by looking at the color and she can tell because after a while the color will start to spread.
The tree blocks the light from the Sun.
Because the container started to bubble up.
No because they used different chemicals so that why it is not the same and also because they used different sizes.
The first one a man print and the second kid.
Yes because it has to move to make vibrations which make sound.
2. Copy the thing under the grid on the grid. 4. Actually draw it.
Because cup 2 has more salt, 8 spoons and because it has more material on the bottom.
That it has a lot of acid and sugar.
Diva needs to know how much gas pure sugar produced in order to decide whether the cookies are pure sugar. Diva needs to make a controlled experiment.
No, because there is fruit and fruit does not have that much sugar.
Topaz is harder than minerals X, Y, and Z because Topaz cannot be scratched by a fingernail, penny or a paperclip. So it is harder.
Maybe she had bigger hands.
The small leaves and roots.
The pitch would be higher because the vibrations do not travel as long.
Because it is vibrating.
The more blocks the shorter the distance traveled.
He would put the vinegar into a vial and put the rock in the vial and if it bubbles it is calcite.
A. Because the more black tarp you have, the hotter it is going to get.
The blue absorbs most of the sun and red did not absorb most of the sun.
2. Put a compass rose on the map. 4. Trace the grid on the notebook.
It is not the same.
Scratch them against each other.
It separates because of the water.
It is the only circuit that will work because the metal is touching the bottom and the wire is touching the bottom of the light.
He put the solid in the water and the solid dissolved into the water.
If the tube shoots up then the substance has acid in it.
When you cover the container you get more heat than uncovered.
I think that is the correct answer because is bigger.
Q because the place it is located.
Well if solution 3 has more materials and it is dissolved the evidence he would have is solution 2 will be dissolved too.
That there is one dg. one spoon is 5 grams.
The water splashed because the fork was vibrating. Vibrations make sounds.
Because they are both covered.
A. Because the little things help me. All I know A is the dry soil.
Well first I think it is a series, so it will be a problem.
Because the earth run into the sun and made the bus shadow go around.
To compare the new experiment with the standard.
Throwing the ball from the same line.
No because desks do not move.
So when you change variables you can compare you standard and the other ones.
Because it turns clear. It bubbles.
Maybe because one of their hands are bigger one of their hands are smaller.
Because it is the biggest and it takes longer to make loud sound.
Large paper cup, marble mass.
It did not change color to white or clear because it does not have vitamin C.
They are squares with Xs in them.
Because they look the same so it would be the same.
It stays in the filter because the solid material does not count as the solution.
The solid stays in the filter because the particles are too big to go through but dissolved can go through because the particles are small enough.
One use small and big and marbles one use 60 and the other 60.
Fire.
Because I think it might be higher.
Because when you pluck it the rudder band touches the top part.
So the root can suck up the water.
The rug was 12.
Because the rubber band vibrated, and vibration caused sound.
B is bumpy A is smooth.
So it can suck up water to grow.
Do not take any steps, have the same kind of ball.
Salt crystals had Xs and the crystals did not.
They both loops.
A. Water can heat up faster in a wide tank because the water is not deep. Julie has the hottest degree Celsius.
Because if it is large then it makes a lower sound.
She tested pure sugar because she needed something to go against with the cookies.
Look at microscope.
They could use a measuring tape and that is how they will get the same answer.
The light bulb will lit.
The water dried up.
No, she would have to have 2 switches.
They will stay on because it is in a parallel circuit.
The information I did not get from the stream table logs that I did not get from the stream table maps was the events in order of time.
Yes because different solids have different solubility is. Janet and Mike used different solids. They are wrong.
Because it has more description.
Diva's father told her she should not eat so many cookies because they were pure sugar. Diva decided to investigate the amount of sugar in Fruity Cream cookies. She performed the sugar test on 4 grams of pure sugar and on 4 grams of Fruity Cream cookies. The results are pictured at the right. Why did Diva need to test pure sugar?
Sammy - I chose Sammy because you can tell the difference of plastic metal blocks of wood.
Then she will know that walnut or peanuts has more fat.
Because by the markings and patterns on the crystals your all to identify them.
By turning the globe.
Black box. Because the black box absorb sunlight and that is why the black box is much more hotter than the white one.
Because picture show the exact same thing as alum in the picture below.
As the contour lines get closer the mountain side gets steeper.
A controlled experiment is when you only change one variable at a time instead of 2 or more.
Yes, because the flow of electricity will go to the light and then to the motor.
Luscious Lemon contains higher vitamin C. The evidence is that it has more drops so that is the evidence.
Grace set up a science experiment. Here's what she wrote in her notebook. First I put eggshells into a cup and covered them with vinegar. After a while, small bubbles appeared on the surface of the eggshells. The next day there were more bubbles. In a couple of days, the eggshells were gone and the liquid was clear. I think I made a solution and a reaction. Explain why Grace thinks she made a reaction.
The sand and flour in the gray material from mock rocks is separated by mixing with water and allowing the mixture to settle. Explain why the sand and flour separate.
The other and the same side of the object.
Yes. Because they both put sort of the same amount of water into the cup and so they both have the same concentration.
Ling and Diana should change their experiments to a baseball because the baseball won.
The bigger it is the lower the sound the smaller it is the higher the sound.
It flows in that direction because the water is going high land to low land.
It triggers because the car is made of steel.
He will know that if the motor runs.
I will look at the seed.
Another function is to protect the abdomen.
This graph tells you how fast the speed of light is.
Yes it did because the lower the number the more vitamin C and they both have low numbers.
2. Draw where everything is, on the overlay. 4. Try to copy the exact locations as the higher grid on the smaller grid.
The object will go.
2. Draw what it looks like from the top. 4. Make the neighborhood buildings and other object smaller.
Because they look like they have the same properties.
Because it hits the other part of the rubber band.
A little string has a high pitch and a big string has a low pitch.
No, because aluminum foil still does not have a path of electricity.
The more blocks the less it goes.
60 meters, I labeled them. I also knew C is the third letter in the alphabet so I counted by 20 3 times.
So she can compare them or else she could not compare the amounts.
Because it is the biggest instrument and the bigger it is the bigger vibrations and the bigger vibrations the lower it sounds.
Protect the cotyledon.
X, how I know is because concentrated means the heaviest.
They are the same amount of water different in spoons. That is why B weighs more because of spoons.
As time goes on the number goes up.
They are not pure sugar. My evidence is pure sugar has 200 milliliters. They only have 150.
No because it is not metal and it does not allow electricity to get through.
Compare the bags and see which one has the most gas in the bag. The one that has the most has the most carbohydrates or sugar.
Because the solute in the saturated solution dissolved and were dispersed equally. The material that did not go through was too big to go through.
Leaves and roots.
If she puts too much scoops it goes down if she puts about 3 she gets more.
Because it either has the light on it or some kind of light on it.
The cotyledon splits opened.
The graph tells us that she put a different mass of beans. And different scoops of fertilizer.
A. A is set flat down on the ground spreading the water around and it has a larger black space which will absorb more heat heating the water faster.
I think flows in that direction because it starts small and it gets bigger.
If the motor runs, the object is a conductor.
It happens because it is a parallel circuit.
Because he put water in it so the salt dissolved with the water and ran right through.
There is sugar in the mixture.
The magnet's force go through the first paperclip to the last paperclip.
To protect the seed.
It is go out the wrong way.
Fruity Cream cookies is not pure sugar because it would be as high as the volume tube with pure sugar.
Because electricity still goes through the wires to the others.
Yes because they are 2 different ingredients.
The concentration is more in 5 because it has more material in it.
Because they both have the same amount of water.
Greta and Andre have different sized hands.
She thinks she made a solution because the solute dissolved and the water is clear.
You can tell which one has more fat by looking at the brown piece of paper and the biggest grease spot has more fat in it.
Elapsed time.
They are going to be even.
The chemical indicated carbon dioxide and sugar.
Because he saw it fizz and bubble up.
It makes a sound because it vibrates.
The relationship between the number of scoops and the mass of beans is the heavier the bean the more scoops it needs to a plant. Beyond that point, the more scoops it gets the worse it is going to grow.
It will fall down. I find it.
Sammy - Because they are all different kinds of material.
The motor will start running.
If it is iron it will stick if it is aluminum it will not stick.
If you put the rock in vinegar it should fizzle if it has calcite.
I think this because the stream is getting wider as it goes on.
No, Fruity Cream is not pure sugar the chart says that the cookies are at 150 milliliters and pure sugar is 200 milliliters.
I think because it vibrating.
Because the car needs to get to someplace very quick.
By rubbing them together whichever one the chalky stuff comes off of is the hardness.
It will flow faster and might swerve off track.
Y, y has less material on bottom.
For the fire drill.
She made a reaction because bubbles appeared.
She would put and back it to a D-cell.
The controlled the line where they were going to throw the ball.
The standard is 0 marbles and 0 the boat sank.
No, because the electricity cannot flow through the yarn.
It can work if a wire is connected to the switch from the negative end.
He was able to do that because the magnetism traveled through the paperclips.
Because it was so shiny.
It will tell her if there is a lot or not a lot of sugar in the food.
Yes because she saw the gas on and the vinegar was clear.
The long string is lower and the short string is louder.
Because the bigger it is the lower the sound gets.
A flood will make the creek overflow faster and will make more damage.
It moves fast enough to make a sound.
In a flood the water would be moving stronger and faster than usual.
Sammy's - Because the blocks are made of different things instead of just wood and wood sounds the same.
The string should be short and it will go faster.
It will be made of iron if it sticks to a magnet.
Solution would need to be doubled.
Because there were little shining things inside and I knew it was salt.
It has to be clear with nothing on bottom.
It would fizz and get small.
It will not work because you have to have a battery or it will not work.
Sammy - Because metal makes a very loud sound.
Because it rotates around the sun.
For protecting inner parts while going through small areas.
They both create erosion.
Uncle Jen is using Celsius.
Sammy - I thought Sammy's idea was easier because different sizes and shapes is harder.
Yes. Because the box is black and the heat goes faster than white.
Because the root searches for the nutrients so the embryo germinates into a stem and leaves.
Same as mixture 4 because you cannot see them.
Thorax abdomen.
He can put thing on a D-Cell.
It will not be only little information and also there is not test of red covered and blue uncovered.
His mixture is clear.
I will know when the dogs are asleep.
Which had less scratches.
The one with the most carbon dioxide in the volume tube has the most sugar.
It would be low.
C. Since more surface area absorbs heat and it was black it makes more sense for it to be more hot.
No, because it does not have electricity in it.
It is going to tell you if you have a baby plant first.
Abdomen.
Jim used a solid and water to make Mixtures one (one spoon of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with nothing on the bottom), 3 (3 spoons of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with nothing on the bottom), 4 (4 spoons of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with material on the bottom), and 5 (5 spoons of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with material on the bottom) as shown below. He stirred each one and observed the results. If Jim made Mixture 2 with 2 spoons of solid in 100 milliliters of water, what would he observe? What evidence do you have to support this?
The calcite crystals looked liked small white needles, the salt crystals were small white globs and squares with Xs and diamonds.
We use a standard unit so we do not get the measurement worth.
The graph show that using a cover heats up the water on absorbs heat faster than without a cover because if it has a cover the breeze will not blow away the heat of the surface of the water.
It is the baby seed.
It makes the sound softer.
Because it ends at the positive so it will work.
As time goes on the of number of tree rings go up.
Clear and nothing on the bottom because one scoop and 100 milliliters of water has the same results and so does mixture 3, 3 spoons and 100 milliliters water.
A. Her box got the hottest so it had to be A. It had to be A because it was laying down and the sun could get in it more faster than David's.
So you can get the measurement the same thing as everyone else.
Sammy - Sammy got metal stuff.
Because both looked alike to me.
Because she put eggshells in a cup and covered them with vinegar and after a couple of days she saw that they were gone.
A box is on the side of the road and it sends a signal to the light.
The one that is 20 centimeters longer will not get as hot. Because it is longer. Because the longer it is the more time it takes.
By the texture the smell of the fruit and the weight.
Because Tabby said that the solute and water were the same and I believe him and it says that they both have the same thing on the bottom clear, material on the bottom.
They each have to be ready to swing.
Clay deposited where I indicated because the clay is the lightest in this case.
We poured the salt into a Petri dish and poured the water out.
The cotyledon is the inside of the seed.
Topaz would be the hardest of the 4 minerals because none of the tools could scratch topaz and at least one tool could scratch each of the other minerals.
Clay is lighter than sand or pebbles so it would be easier for water to carry it farther.
You can tell them apart because the calcite is just lines. The salt crystals were pyramids and squares.
Because they are both at the highest point of concentration.
The food that has the most, carbon dioxide, carbon dioxide has the most sugar.
C. Pan C has more black disks so the heat will be absorbed because the more black there is the more heat is absorbed.
It if looks like salt then the salt is salt crystals. If it has lines in them it is calcite crystals.
So you can see what you did after you do the other trials, it makes a controlled experiment to look back on when you change one variable at a time.
You define a controlled experiment when you only change one variable at a time.
2. Label the places on the grid. 4. And label them and then color them.
If the container is 20 centimeters in width the temperature should be between the 10 centimeters container and the 30 centimeters container.
Because you need more wires.
A controlled experiment is when you change one variable that is it no more than one variable.
The salt crystals has Xs in the middle of the square.
It tells you that using a cover can make the water hotter because it is trap.
During deposition earth materials are moved to a different place.
That will happen because the most energy will flow through the motor because the motor is on the right.
How old the tree is.
The balls and how they held the ball.
It would be a solution. One and 3 have either one spoon or 2 spoons of solid in their mixtures and they are still a solution.
The cotyledon supplies food for the seed until it can supply its own food.
No but they do have sugar. If it was pure sugar, it would be 200 milliliters not 150 milliliters like it is.
They all used a ball.
Compared to a single fixed pulley system, you would not have a directional advantage.
The negative terminals of the D-cell batteries are facing each other, so there is no flow of electricity.
Maybe it could change to him and have something die.
Nathaniel's - Because they all sound the same.
I chose that answer because the 2 foam blocks are so thick that the magnetism cannot get through them.
It would be the same because it does not matter what position the black surface area is, it matters what size.
Well I look at the key below and I saw the same way it looked at the top.
She will make a circle.
The balls.
Earth material gets deposited to another place.
I looked at the pictures and words and I tried to see which one matched the crystals in the circle.
The calcite crystals had tall needle patterns and the salt crystals were squares with Xs in them.
The indophenol did not change color with Fruitsnap because it did not have any vitamin C in it.
Like poles repel and opposite poles attract.
Because it fizzed and moved so that is how.
The writer in the flood goes faster and more water comes out at once.
That the solid dissolves because one, 3 dissolves.
The pitch would get higher.
One loop is coming from the left and the other one the right.
A harp has strings of different lengths. Describe how the sound of a short string being plucked (pulled and let go quickly) is different from the sound of a long string being plucked.
You might get more medicine than you needed.
We use standard units because if somebody makes bottles of water the put at the bottom how many liters it is.
She would because it has more information.
Yes because they both cannot hold any more solid.
Denise made a circuit to light a bulb or run a motor. She used a special switch. Below is the schematic diagram of her circuit. The switch is inside the dotted box. What will happen when she moves the switch to the right?
Sammy - Because they are different things so you can tell what they are because they are different and just wood kind of makes the same sound.
Because it is a bigger instrument, wider and solid. Well those are the only ones I have learned.
Because everything has a shadow and because of the sun.
Is that the stream table log is much straight and more details.
Because it looks like it is going further down than the others.
That happens because it is a parallel circuit which means it should run as long as you do not open the parallel circuit.
That it is going up but at one point it stops and it goes low again.
Because the roots go down to the water the leaves go towards the sun.
The light will turn on.
The wires are at the negative end of the battery or D-cell so the motor is not going to run because the wire is at the negative end.
They go to the mouth of river and deposits there.
When the switch moves to the left, it will work.
Where they throw their ball from.
Because it blocks the light source that is trying to get through.
Use all of the same balls.
Because the sun is going on it and it is blocking the light.
Because the instrument is thicker than the others.
Because they are the same size and same color so it is going to be the same temperature.
The root grows first so the root can take up water for the plant.
Because in the filter paper there are little holes!
That the water cannot hold any more solute. It is saturated.
The contour lines are closer together.
No. Why because one has 3 spoons of salt in it and 2 has 4 spoons of salt in it that is why it is more solution.
I chose source with a bigger hole and make the slope steeper because the hole would make the water come out more with water to make slope steeper because so the water will get more speed and to make more erosion.
Sammy - Because they are different and different material.
That the blue heats more than the red.
Because it did not use all the colors so they could not find out what one heated up more.
If I look in it and it has seeds in it it is a fruit then if it do not have seeds then it is no a fruit.
They come from water and water just keeps on building up.
I think Grace thinks she made a solution because she mixed eggshells and vinegar together.
The tuning fork is metal so when you hit the tuning fork it vibrates to make sound.
Stores food for the seedling until it grows leaves.
2: Trace the features from the photograph onto the overlay grid. 4: Transfer the features to the matching squares on the smaller grid in your notebook.
56.1 equals average.
We looked at a piece of paper and one of the pictures looked like the crystals.
Because there were more bubbles everyday.
Because the flour was lighter than the sand.
She recommended it because it informs them how many feet it increases. Also it shows you more locations so they know if they cross someplace they have gone too far.
Start putting the wires on something and see if the motor will go put it to a metal and it might make the motor go.
You have a standard because if you do not it will not be controlled.
Because if the switch is to the right it allows energy to flow to the motor.
Some of the wires are disconnect.
Because it bubbled.
It has to have a seed of it does not have no seed, it will not be a fruit.
He would observe that the water is not saturated yet because a mixture 4 it get saturated.
This would be a good demonstrate because the sun does not move the earth and the shadow would move around.
No because if you had Kool-aid the one with more water will give the powder more space to dissolve, but the one with less water will saturate because there is less space for the powder to dissolve.
If it had acid and how much sugar.
The materials like burst away.
No, because electricity does not flow through string.
To make the contest a controlled experiment the girls need to take the same amount of steps.
Because they both have the same amount of solution in each cup. So both cups weigh the same.
It is too thick.
Nothing will be on the bottom and it will be clear. Because solution 3 has nothing on the bottom and it is clear.
The short string will make a sound that is high and the long string is low.
To help make the strangulating sound.
Put it on a dish and then the water gets in the air and the salt stays.
Topaz has to have X, Y, Z as minerals.
2. Put everything on scale and draw a map. 4. Draw the map to look like the previous one.
It is not a circuit at all.
Deltas are formed by water carrying earth materials and not have enough force to push the materials so it lets the materials go.
Put the rocks in a vial and see if they bubble.
Anna you can use the fat test. You will know how to do the other stuff.
Yes you can because it does have metal in it.
D because it is touching the base metal.
There is not 2 wires for each little clip. There needs to be one coming from one clip and another coming from the other clip.
The only circuit will work because the 2 wires are put in the right place.
Because if you do not use a standard you get the answer wrong.
If the key sticks it is made of iron if it does not it is made of aluminum.
Julie and David each built a solar water heater. Both solar water heaters were 10 centimeters x 10 centimeters x 30 centimeters. Both water heaters were painted black on the inside bottom and filled to the top with 3 liters of room temperature water. Both water heaters were set in the sun. They checked the temperatures every 5 minutes and made the table below. Which box did Julie build, A or B? What evidence supports your answer?
He rubs the paperclip on the magnet and it flow power through one, 2, 3 paperclips.
Joule equals force times distance.
Because clay is heavier than sand so it travels farther.
It would become a higher pitch from when she did not have it tight.
It indicates a gas.
Yes. It will support Amber's prediction because black is covered and it attracts more solar heat.
A heat sink is any material that absorbs (a lot of) heat.
Use your fingernail.
That it is increasing by the matter of seconds.
When you tighten it up it would sound different.
I chose no because there has to be another wire connecting the 2 or you can use a switch.
So people know exactly what the measurement means. A standard is necessary so everyone measures using the same unit and everyone gets the same measurement.
The water evaporated and left salt crystals.
This happen because the sun moved over the sky.
I think the temperature for the new container is smaller, because one is smaller.
Different girls are throwing the balls. The girls use different launch techniques. Each girl uses a different type of ball.
Jim used a solid and water to make Mixtures one (one spoon of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with nothing on the bottom), 3 (3 spoons of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with nothing on the bottom), 4 (4 spoons of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with material on the bottom), and 5 (5 spoons of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with material on the bottom) as shown below. He stirred each one and observed the results. Is the concentration of Mixture 5 less than, greater than, or the same as the concentration of Mixture 4? Explain your answer.
With a cover it does make it warmer but I think it depends on what color is underneath it.
Maybe because the marbles are different sizes.
Because crystals are a kind of salt.
Put the rock in vinegar.
I think same because they both have the same amount of black and the surface area look the same, and they are both the same shape.
X, Because cup x is more heavier!
2. The trace the things like the places. 4. The draw the thing on where it is.
The shadow of the bus stop changes direction because the sun is moving throughout the day so the sun will meet different at the stop sign. Because it moves the earth plus the stop sign.
That you only put one penny at a time.
You would be able to try the print.
It indicates that it turned into a solution and mixture that got mixed then produced chemical also.
He would not observe anything because nothing happened to the other ones either.
Because you stretch it, then you pluck it.
When you rotate the globe the sun is not moving. And when you think that the sun is moving it is really not. You are the one that is moving.
Because the sun is behind the tree and the shadow is in front of it.
All variables except the girl need to be held constant (controlled). The girls all need to throw the same ball and use the same launch technique.
If you turn the switch to the right, the motor will run.
Because the negative is connected to the black part and the positive side is attached to the shiny part.
It is harder to use this system than to use a single fixed pulley system.
A reaction was indicated by the bubbles of gas (a new material) being produced.
He can use a filter.
Sammy - I think that it would be easier to to tell apart plastic metal, and wood because metal makes a metallic sound plastic makes a clicky sound and wood blocks make a bangy sound.
A rubber band makes a sound because vibration are made and sounds come from vibrations.
The volume changes.
A variable is a controlled experiment.
Helps root, leaves, and stem.
When one seems to disappear because it has dissolved, and you can see through it.
I would describe what the rocks color is and what the mass if it is a mineral or not.
Yes. Yes, because she did all the steps she got 2 boxes and wrapped one with white paper and the other with black paper. She punched a hole in each box, stuck a thermometer into each hole and put the boxes in the sun and recorded the temperature in each box.
Explain in one sentence what each graph tells you. Graph B) speed of light versus time.
Because when a house is on fire the fire people turn on their sirens.
It dissolved in the water.
Because Fruitsnap did not have a lot of vitamin C in it.
They are not touching each other because either the North and North part of the magnets are touching or the south and south are touching.
They got different measurements because their hands are different sizes.
Because I looked at the crystals and looked at the key and compared it. Then I saw a match.
A precipitant.
Sand gets carried away by the river and settles at the mouth and forms a delta.
I know because a fingernail cannot be scratched the most.
Because if you use paperclips that would be wrong because they come in different sizes. And if you use your hand it will also be wrong because you hand could be big or small.
The test results will tell her that the one with sugar has acid. Because it bubbles up.
Because she thinks that the eggshells and the water reaction and she think during the reaction the eggshell dissolved.
Mixtures is the same concentration, because both of the mixtures are saturated.
Yes because the water has different materials in it and the materials have different atoms and stuff and that makes changes to what happens to them in water and their solubility.
Sammy - Because Sammy's idea is better because Sammy is different kind of blocks and Nathaniel is just one kind of block but they are different size.
Take the rug and if it fits buy it.
Sammy - Because Nathaniel is not the same sizes and Sammy's will.
Because picture tips of crystal like the same.
I know that it is a low pitch.
Since the earth spins, the sun twirls around us. In the morning it was hitting the bus sign in the back. Then later the shadow seems to have moved. It is because of the position of the sun.
The short string is high and the long one is lower.
No because the string had not metal or iron.
If you have something close to the rubber band it would hit it and make noise.
Because it hits something.
I would observe many bubbles staying on the calcite, and some floating to the top.
A. Because the bigger box heats up fast and Julie's temperatures were high.
You could not do that because the circuit would not make it.
Rubbing A is not that clear because they rubbed it soft and B is rubbed hard.
It make the object seem whole.
In 15 seconds it will swing 12 times.
Betty was puzzled. In the morning the shadow of the bus sign is in the street. In the afternoon the shadow of the bus sign points the opposite direction. Explain to Betty why this happens.
Because one of the chemicals dissolves.
I think she made a solution because the eggshells and bubbles disappeared.
If it has seeds.
I do because sounds can not be made without vibrations.
The bulb will not light because the positive and negative wires are hooked on the same hook.
The other one that did not break is the hardest.
The rock would covered by bubbles and fizz.
I put some water in a dish and let the water evaporate so the salt would stay.
2. Draw a overlay grid. 4. Draw a map grid.
Because it flows down from the mountains.
I think that is the answer 20 plus 10 equals 30.
2. Then draw all of it on the grid. 4. Then fix all the little problems with it.
If the key sticks, the key is iron; if the key does not stick the key is aluminum.
Because their hands were not the same size.
Yes. Because black is a dark color and it absorb heats faster than the white. White reflect so heats up slower.
If you see a mark that does not mean it is the softest. If it is pushed in that means it is the softest and the harder one there is nothing.
Nathaniel - Because metal is close to the same sound of the other metals.
The white solid indicates by being a mixture.
I chose 20 grams because there is 20 grams plus 10 grams 30 grams that way I know how much is it.
If it has seeds that is the answer to the question I think.
It is like turning on a light switch.
It did not change color because it has little or no vitamin C.
The food supply.
They are carried and stack upon each other and settle to the bottom.
He can do the vinegar test the evaporation test and the hardness test.
You have to use more effort because you pull down.
The river flows from biggest to smallest. That is why.
That the food she tested had a lot of sugar and because she probably put sugar in it.
The new container would be in the middle of A and B. The temperature would have to be something in between 3 Celsius and 9 Celsius.
Sammy - Because they all do not sound the same.
Because maybe something will come off.
You can make it too long or too short if you do not do it.
This happens because of the earth, it rotates around the sun which of course the shadows will move, also the sun rises in the east and sets on the west.
He should put a rock and vinegar into a vial and if the rock has calcite, the water will turn murky.
She will either see pigments or it will rise.
Throwing at the line and using the same ball.
So when you are done you could compare.
Because you do not have enough information to compare the data.
It will change because it could be it could change different places.
Yes, Because if things do not move it will not make a sound. Like if you are talking your voice box has to move.
Because fizzing is a reaction and so it had to be a chemical reaction.
You would see the same part of it.
Because the picture down below of Epsom salt has no lines or anything.
Grace mixed 2 materials together and the solution ended up clear.
Because it gives better directions and trails.
The fabrics in A show that the fabrics is not show up fabrics and B it tells you that it was bumpy.
He will know the object is a conductor if the energy flows through.
They use it all around the world. And it is important.
Agree. Vibrations are movements. Vibrations produce sound.
Why, because it is a parallel circuit, and if one burns out they all burn out they all stay on.
If the swinger is longer, than it has a longer distance to swing.
Describe how you can tell the difference between the crystals from the calcite test and salt crystals when you observe them in an evaporation dish.
Nathaniel - Because it is harder than made of plastic.
A dark color can be reflected by the sun and it could heat up the wading pool's water.
When kate shortened the string that string would have a higher pitch.
They have a different type of them that they have different ideas.
Staying at the line.
It will happen because the switch is channeling the electricity to the light bulb.
X, I know because when something is more concentrated it is also heavier.
Yes. Because it has vibrations to cause.
Salt crystals form when the water evaporates from saltwater. Describe the salt crystals.
Grows into plant.
It scares other animals away.
You would use a standard to change any variables than just one variable that can be changed.
Nathaniel - Because a wooden blocks, because if you drop 3 thing you can not hear all 3. But if you drop one thing you can hear better.
They need to throw the same kind of ball, they need to throw at the same place and they need to get the same speed.
They are both are increasing.
It could trigger them by if everyone is gone.
Because bubble appeared when he add the solid material.
As time increases, the number of tree rings also increases.
It overflows in a creek and a lake on river.
What kind of ball you use, and how you throw it.
Seeing what happens helps understand because you can see what is happening when you do it.
You can see through the mixture, and one material has dissolved.
No because Richard has way more solution than Mariella so it is not the same amount.
I think the nail would stick to it because the nail will still have the magnetic force.
Lower because if you pull on the string it is lower.
Because the sun does not move. It is the car that rotates. So if you move the flashlight it will get off track.
A. Box A got hotter because the temperature in the graph helped me decide.
It is vibrating.
Another function is the horn.
40 meters, I know this because the contour interval is 20 meters.
Because I think it is a series and series have to share and takes more power to form it.
So people know to move.
When you put 3 it weighs more. If you put a lot like 6 the beans will be dead.
The clay is deposited where I indicated it because it is heaviest so it will not go as far.
A controlled experiment is an experiment where you only change one variable.
By the one that leave a mark on one. That means that that one is harder.
The change in elevation between contour line A and contour line B is 20 meters. What is the change in elevation between contour line A and contour line C? How do you know that is the change in elevation between A and C?
You will know if the motor runs.
Basketball and football.
By using a compass to tell me where it is.
During deposition earth material settles to the bottom of a river.
During deposition earth material is deposited it formed deltas, a canyon, and a channel.
The motor will not run because it is in an open circuit.
The embryo is the whole structure.
A cotyledon in the food supply.
It would be greater than because the cover on X is bigger than the one on Y.
When they put a piece of plastic bag on the bottom it will heat up a little bit.
The marbles have different mass.
Both finger patterns are loops.
The low has make the highest sound and the highest make the lower sound.
Grass.
Sarah will know if there is different colors and if the moves up.
As time goes on the speed of light will pass until it will be long.
It will bubble.
The alum has the same pattern and it looks the same.
They are the same because once a solution is saturated it cannot go further.
Because it tell where you are going.
Because if you rotate the globe it does not do anything. When you move the flashlight the shadow and that is why I pick move the flashlight.
If the motor comes on.
Connect the wire to the D-cell and turn it on.
We kept on glassing because it become clear.
If you use anything under 3 scoops you will not get your greatest mass. If you use anything over 3 scoops you will also not get your greatest mass.
The more scoops until 3 the more after that goes down.
My evidence is a solution can be clear or evaporated by heat and so all of them are clear.
Nathaniel - Because it is wood.
It can swing 30 seconds and not stop when you swing it.
Diva needed to test pure sugar because she needed to see if pure sugar itself had more or less than Fruity Cream cookies.
C. Pan C had the largest surface area to absorb the heat from the sun, so pan C became the warmest pan in the sun.
I chose same because they are the same figure and size. Y is facing the other way though it is still the same.
I chose that because when the plastic is darker it will heat faster than a light color.
Another function is to strangulate or make noises.
To compare pure sugar and Fruity Cream cookies.
When conducting a controlled experiment you use a standard because you compare your other results to see if it is accurate.
Scratch the minerals together.
Whichever one gets scratched is the softest.
It will not stick to the nail because of the brass ring is not made of metal.
Because it hit the top and makes it vibrate.
Susan should compare the amount of gas in each bag. The bag with the most gas contains the food with the most sugar.
That would happen because the bulb is on the left and the electricity will be flowing that way.
Tells me that blue covered and uncovered is hotter than red cover and uncovered.
Sammy - Because metal, wood and plastic make different sounds.
When the string is tightened, the pitch is higher not lower.
To control any experiment.
When Amy added water to a mixture of baking soda and citric acid, the mixture began fizzing. Amy concluded there was a chemical reaction because it fizzed. Why is fizzing evidence of a chemical reaction?
It picked it up because the paperclips was a magnet.
25 meters.
Because the sand way too heavy when we put in the water, but the flour was the opposite! Because the sand was too heavy to float in the cold acid like the flour.
It absorbs more heat.
Elena should include a separate shelter for each lizard.
Scratch one against the other.
The 2 loops is pointing in different directions.
The other ones will work even better.
Both. They are both have the same centimeters but A is down and B is up so A and B are the same but different.
Because the sand is heavy and flour is light.
No, Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar because they are not 4 grams.
The magnet can send a signal to the light because the magnet is controlling the light.
You cannot use a piece of string to make a connection because only aluminum, iron, steel and brass can.
If Anne touched the nail to a brass ring what do you think would happen. It will not happen because the brass ring is not a proper steel like the iron nail and the steel nail.
2. And trace it but make it littler.
A heart.
It would be a series.
Because as the day goes the earth rotates.
No it does not because the 250 is more than 100.
Food storage.
The shorter the string is, the more the string swings in 15 seconds.  The longer the string is, the less the string swings in 15 seconds.
That what calcite to when it is in vinegar.
No, they are not pure sugar because the pure sugar is 200 milliliters and the cookie Is 150 milliliters.
The magnet magnetized the first one, then it a temporary magnet and then the next one.
When the water turns gray or a different color.
Where seeds are.
So people could know to get out of the way.
I think they have to put more marbles.
I think they would both heat up the same because they are the same size and shape just faced a different way.
The nut with the largest grease spot has the most fat.
Vibrations.
So people can hear.
It indicates that there is sugar in that food.
They will stay light.
Because 20 grams and 10 grams is 30 grams.
The graph shows temperature data from 2 containers. One container had 100 milliliters of water and the other had 100 milliliters of dry soil. Each container was placed in the sun for 20 minutes and then in the shade for 20 minutes. Which container, A or B, had the dry soil? Explain how the graph helped you decide which container had the dry soil.
She will know which one has the most sugar by measuring the volume and if the food has a lot of sugar. You will see it because it will have a lot of carbon dioxide in the bag.
The farther away from the fulcrum the effort decreases.
The salt crystals were square and the calcite had stripes.
A solution something that dissolves.
Darker colors will heat up faster.
Well I will see the solid at the bottom and the liquid on top of it.
You could scan both pieces of paper and look at the ridges and grooves in the prints.
X, they have the same amount of water but cup x has more citric acid.
The food contains sugar.
That blue it is more dark than red.
Weighed the apple again.
The size, mass, and whether or not they take a running start, stay in front of the line or 2 step start.
Jim could evaporate the solution.
It will not make loud pluck like the other strings.
The earth material gets worn away.
It flows that way because you cannot make a river flow uphill.
The earth material will break into little pieces.
The pitch was higher.
I can tell because the contour lines closer.
Kurt was able to pick up all those paperclips because they are iron and magnetism can flow through iron.
Yes, because it is made of some kind of metal and it can conduct electricity.
It would not work.
Diva's father told her she should not eat so many cookies because they were pure sugar. Diva decided to investigate the amount of sugar in Fruity Cream cookies. She performed the sugar test on 4 grams of pure sugar and on 4 grams of Fruity Cream cookies. The results are pictured at the right. Are Fruity Cream cookies pure sugar? What is your evidence?
Sound travel through water.
C. Because the more black it is the more the black is absorbing and making the water the hottest.
The pitch will go low.
The shadows are true the day because get night dark.
Because table is going in a pattern on the 10 minute mark.
Because only one side of an object can get sunlight.
They are both the same pattern.
2. Trace every detail to the overlay grid. 4. Make the drawing of the overlay grid on the smaller grid with the same coordinates.
You have to pull up on this pulley system. On the single fixed you get a directional advantage.
Because one side is hooked to the motor.
Wendy should connect all the wires then to see if it works Wendy can try to pick up some washers.
Because the holes in the filter are too small for the solid to go through them.
By it fizzing and it might take the rock apart.
The concentrations are the same because both mixtures are saturated.
It is rubber.
The shorter the the higher the pitch because it less to travel through.
A. Had wet soil it takes a longer time for it to heat up. So the dry soil would heat up faster.
She needs to add another house or shelter and maybe a female.
Because if you stretch it and let it go it makes a volume.
They are going different directions.
It was a higher pitch!
A. The graph helped me decide which container had the dry soil because I know that water is a heat sink and I know that heat sinks bring in heat slower and lets it out slow.
They both have loops.
Rachael had a running start and Ling took 2 steps Diana stood at the line.
Single fixed you can pull down, which does not give you a mechanical advantage. But you do not pull the rope farther than the load.
After deposition earth material is carried out to river banks. Deltas form and into the ocean.
I think 8.5.
I agree with her. Because if an object makes a sound it has to vibrate.
Because you would not know the readings of blue uncovered and red covered.
The farther away from the fulcrum less effort is needed.
Describe what the graph tells you about the relationship between the number of scoops of fertilizer and the mass of beans harvested?
B. Because line A is hotter. Water tends to get hotter than anything. So the soil is line B. Soil cannot get as hot as 44 to 43 Celsius.
Covering keeps the heat inside the container.
Water will always flow downhill (mountain to valley).
Jin's group had big marbles and Bee's group had small marbles.
It has direction advantage it can go up and down.
Because the line are not connected.
Their shape is the same.
I think Overly Orange juice because it took less drops.
It will stick to iron.
This graph tells me the number of tree rings on the y axis and tells me the time on the x axis.
Only the time is increasing but the light is the same.
Because if you see it is that because I chose it.
Because if we use a source with a bigger hole it will drop faster and makes it slope steeper.
They should use a standard unit of measure like a meter stick.
Look at the finger patterns below, then answer the questions. What is the same about the finger patterns?
It would not stick and fall on the ground.
Because it shows where rivers and lakes are. And it shows mountains and elevation.
Because the chemicals clash and fizz.
Of the materials dissolve.
The ball is too heavy.
She thinks she made a solution because the eggshell dissolved in the vinegar and bubbled up and turned clear.
I think it would be 10 Celsius because it will take the container less time to get hot.
To store the food, nutrients.
Topaz is the hardest out of all minerals because it did not get scratched by any tool.
Rotate the globe because the sun does not move is the earth that is moving.
I agree with her because the object has to vibrate.
She should put a prop of a lizard to see if her lizard will let it be or fight it.
The key will stick if it is iron but if it is aluminum it will not.
No because 5 has more scoops than 4.
They threw the balls.
If the object is a conductor it will do what it is suppose to do.
I put it on the evaporating dish.
The tighter the string the higher it gets.
The tree has a shadow because it is an object that block a light.
Diva needed to test pure sugar because that is how much she is eating with the cookies. So it is not good to have too much or else she will have diabetes.
Sammy - Because Sammy idea is right different sounds is different thing and makes the other person do not know it.
It will happen because the energy source is flowing right.
The motor will still be running.
Because you are putting 2 mixtures together so when it starts fizzing that is how you know it is a chemical reaction.
Because each side hits each other and make noise.
Because it snaps.
By the time 2 days are up both indicators will have a grease spot, both representing a walnut and a peanut the one with the biggest grease spot has the most fat.
Because it is the smallest.
How they look like x means salt.
Solution B has more water so it weighs more than solution A.
You use a standard so you will not make a mistake and so you can compare it to differences.
Powder and water when they mix together. The water turn white, that how you tell or you look to the bottom.
Because the picture that Emily drew looks just like the alum in the crystal sheet key and they are both the same shape and have the same pattern.
Get a filter paper and pour the dissolve mixture and the solid will stay in the filter.
It would make a higher pitch.
Because you can see them better and you can mark down the spot your shadow was at.
Yes. Yes because black absorbs the heat and traps it, and white just reflects the sun. So her prediction is right.
Because they both have the same amount of water but have different amount of salt.
That they both are at 5, 10, 15, 20.
The girls have to have the same type of ball and also take the same amount of steps when they are throwing it.
That will happen because the switch will be closed.
You use a standard because that what you know before the experiment and the standard helps you a lot during the experiment.
That it is a precipitate because if they mixed materials, together and there was a cherry and there is a new material then that is a precipitate.
That is not a solution it is a mixture.
A. Because it is larger. B is very skinny.
A solution is different because a solution is a mixture of a solid material and a liquid.
Only the Overly Orange contains lots of vitamin C because the blue water became clear in 8 drops. It is less than drops than Luscious Lemon.
Because it probably had more sugar than vitamin C.
They are the same and equal concentrated.
Because when more than 2 chemicals are mixed it produces fizzing.
Yes, because they are both saturated and if they add more it will just become more saturated.
It sizzles. If it first sizzles it contains calcite.
I think because if we do not use a standard unit we would get the answer wrong.
C. They all absorbed the heat. When these disks they absorb and pass the heat between all of them and that is why.
Well it can do that because the florescent is flowing through all of the paperclips, that is why.
It might stick because the magnets are strong or it might not because the foam could be too thick.
Blue is very attracted to the heat whether it is covered or not. Red is not attracted.
He magnetized it for a minute.
The salt went through the filter because it dissolved and the sand did not.
X, cup x is more heavier.
No she cannot because she only has one switch.
Because the magnets are too far away from each other and they fall.
It is compared to different speed a flow patterns.
You would see what it is reflecting.
With normal water flow there is not as much water than a flood.
If the small one is high the big one is low that is what it is for the harp.
Because it is the longest and it takes a while for it to make sound.
To compare the experiment with the standard one.
As the blocks increase the distance decreases.
He knew because when bubbles pop a gas is released into the air.
A heat sink is material that takes in more heat.
I do agree it has to vibrate to make sound and vibrating is considered moving.
C, Because it said the change in elevation for A and B was 20 meters and since it 20 they might be counting by 20's so that is my answer.
I know that crystals are different than salt crystals because the salt crystals do not have needle like structures.
Because they have squares inside of it, they have lines going to the outside of it, and it has sides on the outside.
Yes because it had a higher concentration of vitamin C.
That it will heat up faster than uncovered would.
The salt crystals leaves a Xs.
The one that has the bigger grease stain.
Yes. Black is hotter than the white box because black gets hotter fast.
Darla tied one end of a string around a doorknob and held the other end in her hand. When she plucked the string (pulled and let go quickly) she heard a sound. How would the pitch change if Darla pulled the string tighter?
40 meters, I know because the distance between contour lines do not change.
The electricity flow in a complete circle.
It comes out before the other.
I think a loud volume so that people hear it not to but the siren does not sound so loud.
That there is a lot of rings and a lot of time.
Because there is more tension so the vibrations go faster.
Changing one variable at a time.
Because the bulb is not in a circuit.
You can touch those 2 wires together to contract electricity.
Rub them together.
He will know because the energy will flow in a circle and there will be a open circuit.
Because the one thing that you put vinegar has or has not calcite.
Her results will tell her how much acid is in the juice. The more carbon dioxide or gas the more acid it has.
He was using going outside estimating.
It will change by the pitch will be soft.
The balls are different.
Because their hands were different sizes.
He will know if the motor runs.
Because the sun is on the east part and the trees block the sun.
Elena should be sure to have either 2 habitats or a lot of space so each lizard does not have to fight over space.
No they are not pure sugar if it was it would pass 350 milliliters.
Using blue collectors heat up quicker than red collectors.
A. The evidence that supports my answer is A box because with a long section colored black, the solar heater would absorb more heat and the temperature under Julie's name because the temperature is hotter than David's.
C. Because there are 3 heat sinks on C which will keep the pan warm in the night.
Get the same size.
X, Because it weighed more than cup y.
My rule is has to be sweet.
The particle size of the sand was too big to fit through the holes of the filter. While the salt particle size was too small to get caught.
They are the same kind of finger patterns.
It will put up the ring I think in magnet.
One of them was whiter than the other and had more crystals.
The vinegar would get all full with bubbles, and murky.
It indicates there is sugar in the food.
It has to have an embryo, seed count, and cotyledon.
The energy will keep flowing.
Because the time changes so the shadow is at the opposite.
Carbon Dioxide carbon dioxide.
That it contains sugar.
Anna can do weigh it but she will need walnuts and peanuts. And after she weighs them wait for 2 days and the check back and will know how much more fat is in them.
Because it went by 3 and that is why I pick that number.
It was solution and a mixture. It promptly got cold or hot at the bottom.
The water flows quickly during floods and also the water is high and normal water flows pretty calm and is not usually as high as water is during floods.
He can use it by putting it to an object and see if the meter will run.
It gets cars out of the way. So they can get to the fire faster.
Beth made 2 solutions of different concentrations of water and citric acid. She put 50 milliliters of the first solution in cup X and 50 milliliters of the second solution in cup Y. When she put the cups on the balance, the balance looked as shown below. Which solution, X or Y, is more concentrated? Explain how you know which is more concentrated.
A. Because the solar energy meets the collector sooner because it is shorter, so it heats up quicker.
The water evaporated so there was only salt left.
Use mass pieces.
Because yellow is a light color and would reflect the sun's energy.
By looking at the crystal identification sheet.
That will not not provide useful information because you would only know blue covered red uncovered.
If the vinegar made the baking soda react it would shoot carbon dioxide into the pusher, then she needs to write down how many milliliters of carbon dioxide there is.
Pam and her family were planning a hike. Pam found 2 maps of the same area. Her friend recommended she use the topographic map when they went to the lake. Why would Pam's friend recommend using the topographic map for the hike?
Design a way to use carbon printing to find out if 2 Labrador retrievers have the same paw patterns. How will you know if the 2 dogs have paw patterns that are the same?
Trace over the complete circuit with your pencil to show where it is. Even though there is a complete circuit, the bulb will not light. Why not?
You would see a flat object.
Another function of the elytra is to fly.
Because without a standard you will not know the steps.
Because they need roots to produce the leaves.
This graph tells me this tree has a lot of rings.
X, because it have more solid in it and it is heavier.
0 marbles.
2 groups used marbles to weigh the same apple. Jin's group found the apple weighed 35 marbles and Bee's group found the same apple weighed 60 marbles. Both groups used the correct procedure. What should the groups do to make their results more useful?
Use a standard unit like grams.
Because they have the same shape and they have the same size and they have squares inside them.
Because it has a line in it and probably it is a valley or something.
When you tighten it it makes a higher pitched.
Because a topographic map shows you if a place is going to be steep it also shows you what other roads or rivers to take well in other words it gives you more detail.
She will know how much sugar does one have by looking at the bags. If one has a lot of air then that one produces more sugar.
Moving the switch to the motor will make it run.
The short string has a higher pitch the long string has a lower pitch.
A short string is a higher pitch than lengthier string.
It would be high pitch.
The solid stayed in because it was too big to go through the microscopic holes in the filter paper.
Because it goes to the side and all different ways.
2. See how much square cubes on the overlay grid fit in the photograph. 2. Count how much fits in the smaller cubes.
He was able to because the magnetism was going through the paperclip.
She should hook the wire to the D-cell and switch and see if it will pick up iron or steel.
There are 2 wires that should not be there the motor wires.
Hook it up to the D-cell then to the stick.
A controlled experiment is when you control it and it is an experiment of yours.
If there bumpy or smooth or rough and show what the texture is.
Put the wires to the D-cell.
The salt crystals have Xs in them and the other ones look different.
Because it is hooked up negative to negative and positive to positive.
The same because in the picture of mixture 4 and 5, they show the same salt on the bottom.
The other half of the object, because the mirror would see that object and make another one.
This will happen because the switch is turning that way making a complete circuit.
They could redo it to see if they weighed the right mass.
Rub them together, see which will scratch the other.
40 meters, It is counting by 20's, 0, 20, 40, 60.
The chemical reaction indicates sugar.
The light will run.
No, Fruity Cream cookies is not pure sugar because pure sugar is 200 milliliters and Fruity Cream cookies is less than 200 milliliters.
The magnetic force flows through all the paperclips.
By looking at how it vibrates.
When it is shortened the string is not that long so it makes a different sound.
I would see the figure then I would see the line of symmetry.
Like steel if you rub them and if it does not scratch.
Because it is crystals and the things look like them.
The motor is going to keep going when the light bulb goes out.
One is heavier than another see it settles in how many layers there is ingredients.
Because it is a sign and the earth moves not the sun.
X, the more concentrated is cup x is heavier.
That it has seeds or not.
Because it has a little hole.
The rubber band is low.
Because it shows that something other than just doing nothing.
The clay is there because it has lighter and smaller particles which makes it float to the top.
It would be mostly about minerals.
It is not complete.
Put acid on a rock. If the acid fizzes, Phil would know that the rock has calcite.
Because it goes up.
M to Z is harder than mineral X and Y.
Squares with the Xs on them.
Susan has samples of 5 different foods. Using only the results of her experiment, how will Susan know which food contains the most sugar?
I knew it because west is where the sun is most of the time.
As time goes on the number goes to the middle.
As the time go on the speed of light get fast.
He can put the 2 wires that are connected to the circuit and put it touching something.
The motor will go on.
The bulb will not light because one of the wires have to touch the other clip.
Sammy's - Because Sammy's method uses different kinds of blocks and it is easy to discriminate things made of different things than discriminate things all made of one thing.
They are different. Like bark not bark.
Because the sun sets in the opposite direction. So what happens is the shadow will be on the opposite side.
The nickel because it is bigger and it harder.
If I in a test on as rock with acid I will put acid on the rock and let it settle overnight.
He will know that it will allow the flow of energy.
Squares with Xs in the middle.
It would not have any particles at the bottom.
The more blocks Don added the slower the toy truck will go.
That their balls are different.
Yes you can because it has metal conductors have to have metal in them to work.
You control the mass of the tire swing.
It covers the wings.
X, because x is on the bottom of the weighing thing while y is on the top.
Sand and flour separate because sand is heavier than flour.
Because high pitch is louder. So everyone can hear it because there is a fire.
She can scratch it together and look and see which leave a scratch.
It would make a higher sound.
Blue versus are warmer than red versus.
I think the marbles had a different weight.
The magnets are not touching because they cannot attract to each other if they are north to north or south to south.
If the motor starts running.
I think the temperature will stay the same because they are the same shapes.
We knew the crystals were salt because the crystal identification chart showed us that the different kinds of salt were crystals.
The inner layer of the seed.
A. The graph helped me because the dry soil gets hot. The one that gets hot between water and dry soil is dry soil. The soil gets hotter because it absorbs more heat.
By looking at the shadows' reflection.
The switch is closer.
A solution of water and material A is clear. A solution of water and material B is also clear. When the 2 solutions are mixed, a white solid settles to the bottom, leaving a clear liquid. What does the white solid indicate?
I think these will cause more erosion because with a bigger hole more water and with the slope steeper more faster.
They have different kind of ball. Some of them run some took 2 steps.
Maybe because they are each different types.
By doing what I wrote for the first part.
I think jam is mixture.
A solution is a solid and a liquid mixed together.
If something Bad happening to somebody.
A. I know that container A had the dry soil because dry soil heats up the fastest in the sun and goes down in the shade.
The root grows first because the root suck up the water that the seed needs.
It will see like a pattern or you can see more and more.
If the fulcrum is too close to the effort or the other way around it is harder. Same thing with the fulcrum and the load. It is harder to move it.
A heat sink is when a temperature goes up just a little or down a little.
The relationship between the number of blocks and the distance traveled by the truck in 10 seconds is that they both change how far the truck goes.
That you have made a saturated solution.
The crystals were square with Xs on the surface.
No, because the switch can only complete one circuit at a time.
They are both loops.
It has to be a fairly clear.
A. Dry soil heats more quickly and cools off more quickly than water. The graph shows A heats and cools more quickly than B, so A must be the dry soil.
Because it had bubbles appearing.
Because one is covered and the other is not covered.
By slowly pouring it in a tray.
No.
I choose B because if you use a light color the solar energy will reflect off it if you use a dark color it will absorb the solar energy.
It looks like little diamonds, but it is salt.
So she could compare the results and see if they are the same.
2 and 4 are both the same mass of beans harvest, they are both 1.2 mass.
Throwing the ball.
You would see the whole shape.
The magnets are on the side when they repel each other.
A. The evidence that supports my answer is that box A had more black in it and the sun would absorb box A more.
So the flower could grow on it.
Connect the wires to a battery or power source.
X, I think it is because it heavier. Remember I said I think.
The one without the fat spot.
So everybody agrees on it.
It was higher.
She can do it but it would have to be a parallel circuit.
Leaves, stem.
It will not work because it is negative to negative, it has to positive to negative.
Use a standard, grams.
Topaz would be hardest because none of the tools could scratch it and at least one tool could scratch X Y Z.
I knew the crystals were salt by the movie we watched.
Because it started bubble.
Common sense. I just know because the experiment with shadows. The letters next to the boxes of north, east, south, west are direction letters and the letter in the boxes are the ones you see on maps.
Uncovered versus covered would not help but both of each would.
It got closer to the motor.
You will compare the paw prints.
I will use carbon printing to know.
I chose that answer because whether it sticks or not depends on how powerful the magnets are.
A. Water makes things cooler so the dry soil gets hotter.
She would need a switch then she would turn on the switch she would also need a D-cell.
The earth rotates making the sun in different spots causing the shadows to move in different spots.
A. Because the pancake needed some room and it needs lots of tarp in order for it to have it cooked.
How fast the swinger is and how far it has to travel to complete one rotation.
It will come on.
Deltas form when water is run over a plateau for a long period of time and when the water runs somewhere else, that place where it runs out is a delta.
Sammy - Sammy's idea would be much more easier because if you did it with shapes and sizes it would be hard to hear.
Wendy will connect the wire to a D-cell battery and switch, switch optional.
Because is little instruments and I already played it once.
Anna will know which food has more fat by the grease spots on the brown paper.
First she has to weigh the food and make sure it is the same one gram. Then smear the food sample in the circle that is in the middle of brown paper. Last wait for 2 days and wait for the result if the grease spot is big it means it has a lot of fat.
The motor will keep going until the D-Cell runs out.
It would best demonstrate shadows change because the flashlight is acting as the sun, and the globe as the earth, so the earth would rotate, not the sun.
More? Because they are not facing at the same direction the Y is facing right and the X is facing left.
He can use the circuit to see if it will start to work.
That happens because this is a series circuit. A series circuit means that if one bulb burns out they all do.
The information I got from the stream table but not from the stream tables are when earth materials slump and hole under the water source.
More than one manipulated variable.
If you look you can tell that B is sort of like a metal gate and A is sort of like a wall.
The more number of blocks the less distance it goes or the less block the more distance.
The wire has to touch both sides of the battery and the wire has to touch the middle of the light bulb.
The motor will go out too.
Whichever one is higher on the graph has more fat.
Same. Because they are both saturated.
Because they have 2 variables changed lid or no lid and color are the 2 they changed.
They did not control the size, and they did not control the type of ball they used.
I chose that answer because one of the 2 ends are not touching.
When you mix a solid and a liquid it is clear.
You get to see how long it took.
By controlling the swinger, and by changing the different thing.
That the mass of the beans it got higher but the more heavier it got it went down.
Sammy's - Sammy's because they are all different.
He could evaporate the solution, the water would evaporate and the solid will be left behind.
Maybe she could put in 2 females also.
C. The black disks absorbs the heat so the width of the disk, the more the heats expands when it touches the water place will be heated up.
We put the water in a clear cup and let it sit and the water evaporated and the salt stayed.
If you have a bowl and inside there is a crystal and you put vinegar in the bowl if it has calcite it will look like needles with salt it will look like yes.
The one that has more fat on the paper.
Stream table logs show time while maps do not.
It dissolves the solid into a liquid that is see through.
I used the strategy never eat soggy waffles.
First she has to get a brown piece of paper and make sure that the walnut and the peanut are the same weight. Then she has to smash it on the paper and let it sit overnight. Then measure the grease spots.
A. The graph helped me by showing the temperature. The dry soil is darker with no heat sink material like water to slow the absorption of heat.
Helps give the plant food.
Because 20 grams plus 10 grams equals 30 grams.
When the effort gets farther away from the load the weight of the effort decreases.
It made me think but I had to choose 6 degrees Celsius. I picked between 3 and 9.
It is harder than them.
The crystals have Xs inside when calcite has like white spot.
The complete object.
A. Because B and C will take too long to heat up because there is more water in pan B and C.
When the seed germinates the roots grow first because it somewhat help hold the plant up because it holds on to the did sort of.
Another house for the lizard.
The more sugar the more carbon dioxide and the more carbon dioxide the bigger the volume.
Because it has a curved thing.
I think they do not balance the beam.
It will say: dinininin!
And the shorter the string also the higher pitch it makes.
He knew because first he put a material in the water and started to bubble and that made gas so that is a clue of a chemical reaction.
The blue gathers more heat than the red.
The marbles are different.
It makes the lowest sound because it is bigger and vibrates slower.
It will stay the same it will be a parallel circuit.
They will all cut off.
Y, y because it have to be less.
So that people notice the sound.
Yes. Because black absorbs much more heat of the sun and white reflects the heat of the sun.
So it can gather water to grow.
If the motor runs.
Study them both.
Because it was making gas, it was fizzing, it made some precipitant.
The outside of the seeds.
Because it is big at beginning then slowly gets smaller and branches out.
Because it will not let electricity through the string.
They would be a square with a X on it.
I think this graph tells me that the time is about 40 seconds and speed of light is about 25.
The eggshells dissolved a solution is when the solvent dissolve.
He could check the crystals with a magnifying glass.
Because clay is the lightest.
It might be going too fast.
It needs to be negative to positive.
Hook the wire to a D-cell. Get a switch and another wire hook that wire to the switch. Get something made of metal. Press the top of the nail to the metal thing, they should stick.
If the hole is bigger that will cause a flood. More water the more velocity causing more erosion. Also if make the slope steeper that will cause the velocity to be greater causing more erosion.
The same because it has the same amount of water.
It makes the plucking sound from stretching and then it vibrates and make sound.
Protect the plant.
I knew the crystals were salt because of the patterns and shapes.
That means it is a parallel circuit and if 2 bulbs burn out one will still be lit.
She would scratch the rocks together the one that scratches is softer.
The solid does not go through the filter like the liquid because the liquid is small enough to go through the filter but the solid is too large.
That by being covered the colors attract more heat.
Because the red uncovered has a low temperature and blue covered has a high temperature.
We poured the water we left it alone for 2 days and they dry up.
The one with a scratch.
Because it has to travel longer.
Because it has a X in the middle, and salt was in it.
Because the sun moves around. So it will shine the opposite direction.
She needs shelter.
The wires are not connecting to the bulb.
Same because they are both saturated and it can only hold an equal amount.
No, because there is less room for the solute to spread out in Mariella's solution. The material at the bottom is not part of the solution.
They all have a ball and they all stand at the same place.
B shows us that there is a design on it, and you could probably fill it. A shows us that this fabric is not very noticeable.
The root grows first because it needs to make food for the seed.
1. Measure one gram of each food. 2. Crunch them up. 3. Put them on 2 pieces of brown paper. 4. Wait for 2 days. 5. Take the food off the papers and put them under a grid.
The car is made of iron and steel and magnets only stick to iron or steel. So when the car stops it triggers the stoplight.
One loop goes left and the other goes right.
Grace thinks she made a solution because first she put eggshells into a cup and covered them up with vinegar and then small bubbles appeared on the surface of the eggshell and a couple of days the eggshells were gone and the liquid was clear.
In a single fixed gravity creates a directional advantage. But in this one gravity pulls against you when pulling up.
So you can record and change variables to get a difference.
It is a square and Xs on it.
It would repel because the brass ring is not iron.
The harder coin will scratch the other.
The loops begin at opposite sides of the print.
The solid must dissolve.
Jack's standard was the lifeboat.
The one that has the most sugar is inflated and fat.
Because they used their hands and if they use their hands they can have use the hand then your hands can get tired.
It shows how fast the speed of light is.
The clay particles are lighter or smaller and are therefore carried farther by the water, so the clay particles end up the greatest distance away from the mouth of the river.
Where they let go of the ball.
You can not tell because we do not know the strength of the magnets. If the magnets are weak, the second piece of foam might put too much distance between the 2 magnets for the interaction to hold the magnets in place. If the magnets are strong the magnets might stay in place.
The sound waves travel through the water.
Because the solution started to bubble.
Because it is a horn that make like the mm.
A. Water is a heat sink which slows down the absorption of the heat so the more water the less heat in the pan.
The salt went through because when the salt and water mixed the salt dissolved a little.
Anna can smash them and put them in a brown paper and wait a couple of days and use a paper grid and the squares and then Anna will know which one is fat.
The temperature.
X, well concentration is when you compare equal amount of volume of 2 solutions and one heavier it is more concentrated so that is how I know.
Because vinegar is cold acid is very into now.
30, I know because A and B is 20 meters and B to C is about 10 meters and it is almost close together.
Because it goes happy valley then the river.
If the objects a conductor the motor should run and electricity will be able to flow.
The reflection of the object.
The bulb will come on.
It will light up because everything will work if it is all hooked up.
X and Y both have the same solar water heater so the temperature will be the same.
The energy will go in the motor and go back in the positive.
She made a reaction because it started to bubble after a while.
It cuts through.
When it was loose the sound was soft but when it was tighten it is low.
Because 30 is not high enough.
The magnets do not touch because the same poles are together so they all repel.
Greta is taller and Andre is shorter.
Because if someone called 911 they could hear that they are coming.
The shelter and other basic needs.
Because it makes a complete circuit.
It will show a grease spot. Then you get a graph paper then it will show how many percent it has.
It has been a little different.
The triangles are the same size.
Because it would show one side and the other that is why I picked rotate the globe.
They are both thumbs.
It would make a high pitch if Darla pull the string tighter.
A controlled experiment is when you test the variables one at a time.
A. Might be soft B. might be a little bumpy.
Sammy - Because it is different material and it is easier and it is easier because if it was Nathaniel's it would be harder because it is the same material and it all sounds alike.
Look at the picture of the bean seedling shortly after germination. Describe the function of each of the parts: cotyledon.
Seeing multiple colors would show that vinegar can separate the permanent ink.
It depends on if it has a slope or no slope.
It would get lower.
If she sees different colored pigments.
Because the earth rotate. And the sun moves to another way.
The earth explains the and it will but it will explode.
Because it is the biggest out of all the instruments.
Making a sound.
They need to use the same ball and they need to throw the same way.
C. C, because there is more black in C than any other cake pan. The more black the hotter it will get because black absorbs the sun's energy.
The other 2 bulbs will stay running the whole time the circuit is closed.
Because bubbling is a sign of a chemical reaction.
At first it gets higher and higher but when it reaches 3 scoops it starts decreasing.
They were square like salt.
When they did not throw the ball the same. When they did not do the same starting position.
They should use a standard metric unit to measure the rug like a meter tape.
I knew which direction was west because in the afternoon the sun is coming from the east.
Phil should put the rock in the tube. Then put the vinegar in the tube cover the rocks and it should bubble.
Because a reaction is where something combines and changes start which is a fizz or bubbles.
A material that slows down another.
C. I think it would be the hottest because it has more black.
He measured to see how far the boat sank when different numbers of marbles were added.
Another disadvantage would be you have to pull more rope to get it where you want it to go.
Sammy - Because plastic, wood and metal do not sound the same.
A heat sink is something that traps heat in. Like water it heats up and traps the heat to make boiling water.
It is going on in seconds.
It depends on how big or thick the sponge is. It also depends on how strong the magnets are.
Yes. Because of the heat like black box is more hotter than the white one because of the color.
To make noise with wings.
By using a measuring tape.
Well, food, water, some leaves, some dirt, a stick or 2 and some rocks and grass.
That the speed of light does not move with time.
Phil should find a rock he thinks has calcite, and put it in a vial with vinegar in it. Then after a while he should pour the vinegar into the shallow dish. After that Phil should let it evaporate. Then Phil should look at what is inside the dish. If it has long, white, needles, then there probably is calcite in that rock.
If you put 0 scoops 0.2 beans will come out. If you put 4 scoops 1.2 beans will come out.
As time goes on it is increasing.
Because they have different hands and not the same.
They are white, sparkly, if you put 5 or 10 together you can make a pile.
Because it will help a lot. It will never change. It is the same all over the world too.
Saturation.
A. Because dry soil absorbs solar energy faster because it is not a heat sink.
Because you stretch it and then it is tight.
Yes. She could put 2 wires on the switch to the other wires.
I agree with her because vibrations make sounds and vibration moves.
Because a solution is clear but other mixtures are not.
Jim could put the solution in an evaporation dish and the solid will be the crystals and the water will evaporate.
You use a standard is to know what you will do and how it will happen.
So everyone can hear it.
Because then you would not be controlling the variables.
The brass ring would not stick to the nail because the ring is not iron. The nail is a temporary magnet, but brass cannot become a temporary magnet and thus does not stick to magnets.
The harder mineral will scratch the color off of the softer one.
He does not have an idea that island make a salt outline.
Because it no a circuit.
The longer the swinging string is the less times it will swing and when it is a smaller string it goes faster.
I agree because it has to vibrate.
Because the is no D-cell.
The inside of a pea seed is shown below. Describe the function of each of the parts: cotyledon.
Because the alum matches.
Mineral Z cannot be scratched by penny, fingernail, and paperclip. Topaz cannot be scratched by anything.
It would tell her because she could scratch the penny on the nickel and the nickel on the penny and see which one is scratched.
A solution does not dissolve.
The crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals.
Because it shows the pictures below.
Because whichever one scratches is the hardest.
If you make a bigger hole then the water will be faster and erosion will too. And if you make the slope steeper then the erosion will become bigger and wider.
Power goes to the motor then to the light.
His evidence is the mixture turned clear.
So people would move if it was an emergency.
Stem and leaf and baby.
All of the thing that you put in will go to the bottom leaving a clear liquid.
The farther it is the easier it is.
This stays the same.
The relationship between the number of blocks and the distance is that it decreases every time and all of it decreases together.
To see what has more sugar than Fruity Cream cookies.
How they ran to the line and threw their balls.
Because the D-cell is in the middle.
Diva needed to test pure sugar because her dad said to not eat that many cookies because they are pure sugar.
Fizzing evidence of a chemical reaction because when it fizzes it means it is producing gas.
The long string is going to be lower, the shorter string is going to be higher.
Every time he put a block in it went 5 meters shorter.
It did not have any vitamin C.
He can use the circuit to test the object because the circuit will help the thing do what it is supposed to do.
It is match is.
The tree has a shadow because there is a sun.
Evaporate.
Because in the cup there are 30 grams. So I picked 40 because 30 grams is not enough so I put 40 grams.
The material that you put in the water did not dissolve because it is too heavy.
Yes. When you move something it causes vibrations. And the vibrations cause sound waves.
It bubbled that is why.
Because the light is touching the battery.
Test it on a magnet.
It would not be useful because red is uncovered and blue is covered and it is not fair.
The difference from other mixtures was that we only used 2 and other people might use 3 or 4.
Since red is lighter color it does not absorb much like white, but blue is darker so it is a little like black.
I chose that one because in bottle B they took 50 milliliters but in it they put 4 spoons.
In the morning the sun faced east so the bus sign's shadow was in the west. When it was the afternoon, the sun faced west. So the shadow went the opposite of where it used to be in the morning.
Emily's crystals are the same shape as the alum crystals shown on the key.
So that you can make an exact and accurate measurement.
The littler string is louder then the big string.
The longer the string the less swings or, the shorter the string the more swings.
The pigment will separate.
It would not stick because a brass ring is not iron or steel.
As light turns itself it will move.
It will work because that is closing the switch.
The eggshells were gone.
The contour lines are close together.
The sand is harder then the flour so that is that is why they separate.
I chose that answer because the foam blocks are too thick for the magnet to attract each other.
The solid would dissolve because so did solution one and 3.
Feed it.
The motors at the right will not run because the electricity flows out of the negative side and they have the D-cells trying to make electricity flow out the positive side.
When the temperature drops.
Cory and Rachael set up 3 solar water heaters to see which would show the greatest water temperature change. The containers are shown below. Each is the same height (4 centimeters), and the same width (10 centimeters). Only the lengths are different; Container A is 10 centimeters, Container B is 30 centimeters, and Container C is 40 centimeters. They painted the plastic containers black, filled each with the same amount of water, and put a clear plastic lid on each one. Then they set them out in the sunshine. Here are the data that Cory and Rachael collected: After 10 minutes Container A was 3 degrees Celsius, Container B was 9 degrees Celsius, and Container C was 12 degrees Celsius. Use the graph paper on the next page to graph the temperature change for each container. If Cory and Rachael had a container that was the same height and width as the other containers, but 20 centimeters long, what do you think the temperature change would be after 10 minutes? (6 Celsius) How did you decide what the temperature change would be for the new container?
It will have the same materials like the other containers.
The picture looks like the alum.
I think Bee's group had more mass in their marbles than Jin's group.
Yes. Because black heats up faster than white. Because black is a darker and the white is lighter.
You take a look through the magnifying glass.
Different sizes of marbles.
Because rivers sometimes end in valleys.
During a flood there is more water in the creek and the water flows faster.
B. Because B is more taller and it has a smaller top and it is not that extended like A. A is a transfer rate of heat. B preserves more solar energy.
He can use the circuit to test the object because all he needs to do is put the ends of wire together.
They do not have the same amount of weight. And not have the same ball. And they run and step. They need to run or step.
Because now there is now only some of water in each and 4 is more than 2 and cup B more concentration.
Bubbles on the eggshells.
How the temperature goes upward down.
It dissolves and weigh 100 milliliters still.
The shorter strings make a higher sound because the vibrations do not travel as long.
The clay is in the river because the clay mixes in with the water.
Because salt is so small it slid through the large coffee filter. Sand is larger so it stuck to the filter.
The pitch will be low.
Elena should make special places for both of them otherwise they will fight.
You start with a standard so you can compare your standard data to your data when you change a variable.
That will happen because it will make a complete circuit with the bulb.
The blue collectors had the highest effect it heated the most and the fastest.
Feeds the embryo.
The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.
Yes. But all will have to be together.
They do not have the same rubbing material to be the same.
Throw the ball at the same time.
Yes the electrical well go through it is some kind of steel or iron.
A heat sink is something that absorbs sunlight quickly. Water is the best heat sink.
Because crystals look like a small amount and have lines on the side something each crystal has its own shape.
The relationship is the farther over the effort is the harder it is to lift.
They have to get a measure tape.
A was probably a much smoother fabric than B. Because B probably had more creases in it.
It makes a sound.
Because it shows more directions and ways and it shows more places and more rivers.
Yes, because if you take out the same amount of water out of each solution and put them on a balance then they will weigh the same. Only a certain amount of water can hold a certain amount of salt.
Dark green because darker colors heat faster they attract the sun.
It will not attract because brass is not magnetism so it will not stick.
The way Anna will know is the bigger the spot the more fat.
Because electricity does not flow from positive to positive they flow from negative to positive.
They have a sticky stuff that did not work.
Yes, because sound has to vibrate it.
The chemical reaction indicates how much sugar is in the food.
Well when it is tightened you can not pull it that far so it makes a different sound.
A controlled experiment is an experiment where only one variable is changed.
There is not enough energy.
The relationship between the string and swinger is that they are different areas and lengths.
It tells me that the blue is winning and not the red.
Because you see the picture in the dish and it looks the same.
As time goes on the of tree rings go up.
Because when it does that you know that you have made gasses and gasses are made when chemical reactions occur.
50 meters, It is double the length of B plus 10 meters.
That circuit is the only circuit that uses all of the correct contact points.
It is an earth material that takes energy and releases it slowly.
Because it look 3D or like a box the same shape.
We let the water evaporate.
They were squares with Xs.
It will fall off the magnet.
B because it gave 100 milliliters water and 4 spoons of solute. And A gave 5 milliliters water 2 spoon of salt so I stay with B.
The bigger the length the slower it is the smaller the length is the faster.
The sand and flour separate because sand is heavier than flour.
He will know because he will see stuff at the bottom.
It changes the number of the swing.
My choices cause more erosion because with a bigger hole more water comes out faster and when the slope is steeper the water goes down faster and very powerfully.
By the color when is changing color.
Each solution has same amount of water, which means they both hold the same amount of solute after saturation.
It dissolves into the air bubble.
It will dissolve in the cup.
A is real bumping and it is hard B has small holes.
I think that the marbles weighed different because they might of had one marble that was a different weight than and there.
Kinds of balls.
Because the water dissolves separates the sand and flour, and they group with their sister minerals that are same size.
It is so strong that minerals X, Y, Z cannot break it.
I think this graph tells me that the time is about 25 seconds and the number of tree rings 20 times.
The closer the effort is to the fulcrum the more effort it would take but the further the effort would not be as much.
Because dark green is a dark color like black that way dark green absorbs more heat.
Elena should put more food and water.
The pipes and poles under the car iron.
Where they threw the ball.
They do not touch each other because if you put magnet the magnets like this will not attract North to North. If you put magnets like this it will attract North to South. If you put it like this it will not attract South to South.
So people can hear it and pull over.
I will stick or not stick.
If it sticks then it is a magnet if it does not then it is not.
I chose A because in each cup you could put 4 spoons and it dissolved. When the fifth scoop went in it did not dissolve. The undissolved part is not part of the solution.
The skin of the saltiest will come off.
Sammy - Because if you know the sound that you hear it before.
I think they will not go out.
By pouring the water and salt into the thing, and letting the water evaporate.
Fruity Cream cookies are pure sugar, because the volume tube tells if it has sugar and it has sugar because it is sweet.
It could attract both metal and then it could change the light.
I chose it because that is the only crystal that looks like alum.
Greta had a smaller hand than him.
Maybe their hands were too big and too little.
This is happening because the sun rises in the east so in the morning the shadow will be in the west. The sun sets in the west so the shadows will be in the east.
A delta is formed when flowing water pushes sand to opposite sides forming a delta.
Nathaniel - I picked Nathaniel because he has wood only. And Sammy has plastic metal and wood.
Sammy - Because the plastic, metal wood might sound different!
Darla tied one end of a string around a doorknob and held the other end in her hand. When she plucked the string (pulled and let go quickly) she heard a sound. How would the pitch change if Darla made the string longer?
It flows in that direction because the mountain usually carries the water down the side of the mountain.
The sound of a short string is like a ding a long string sounds like a dong.
Is that covered is more lighter.
I know it is the steepest trail because the lines are close together.
Overly Orange contains more vitamin C because they put less drops of Overly into the container.
As the number of blocks increases the distance decreases.
Because the solid is kind of hard and liquid is more smoother.
Can be use of the amount to lift the load and to adjust the lever and load.
Yes you can because it is a conductor.
Because it is not in a circle.
Because after a while small bubbles appeared, but in the next day, bubbles, starting to be more eggshells were disappeared.
You would see another object in that object or other shapes.
If it is iron it will stick.
C. It got more energy to do.
How much acid and or sugar there is.
I said the magnets will stick because magnets have really strong magnetic fields and those really strong magnetic fields so they can go through 2 foam blocks.
Because it is an object and it covers part of the sun's brightness.
The vibrations are like digging in the water and make a sound zzzzz!
Because that is the way the sun sets.
That is because a solution is clear that you could see through.
Because the 2 solutes and the solvent made a gas.
2. Copy it to his grid. 4. Copy that to the notebook.
Andre's hand were smaller.
I would need to know how much stuff is at the bottom.
It will not be useful, because blue is covered and the heat will be trap and red is not. So all the heat will escape from the red uncover. The red uncover will heat up slow. But blue will heat up fast.
In a controlled experiment you use a standard because when you are testing something else you will have to compare your answers. That is where a standard comes in.
Because when a substance of an object blocks light, it creates a shadow.
The relationship between the number of scoops of fertilizer and the mass of beans is that 2 scoops of fertilizer and 4 scoops of fertilizer equal 1.2 kilograms of beans.
A solution is a mixture formed when a solid dissolves in a liquid.
The longer the string the less it swings because it takes longer to swing.
It is when you cannot see the solid from the liquid.
The mass of beans harvested is getting bigger and the scoops of fertilizer is getting higher.
If the car stops and waits a little while then the stoplight changes on the other side so the car can go.
They will still be burning.
X, because x is more heavier than cup y.
When the solid disappears into the solvent.
The longer string will make a lower sound. And the smaller string makes a Higher sound.
I chose cup A because it seems more concentrated.
The chemical that stayed down there.
They are the same because once a solution is saturated it is at its highest level of concentration.
He would observe nothing you need more spoons to make it saturated. Because mixture 3 has 3 spoons and it is not saturated.
Whatever the crystals look most like.
This system has a directional disadvantage and the single fixed has a mechanical disadvantage.
The wire cannot make the motor run.
A volume tube, yeast, water, and a warm bath.
Because some of them have a dissolved solid.
They should use grams instead.
Because there is a vibration.
Bryan taped a golf tee to a globe of the Earth. He shined a flashlight on the globe. The best way for Bryan to demonstrate how shadows change during the day would be to: (rotate the globe.) move the flashlight. Why would this best demonstrate how shadows change during the day?
Carrie wanted to find out which was harder, a penny or a nickel, so she did a scratch test. How would this tell her which is harder?
A standard is used for comparison to determine how changing one variable changes the results.
I can tell that they are different fabrics because one of the fabrics are darker and have more lines and spots than the lighter one.
Not much sugar is in the thing she is testing.
It is a clue because it is making a gas and that is a clue so you know that a chemical reaction is about to happen.
It is the different time of the day.
They should use a standard unit.
She should hook the extra wire from the wrapping part and connect the wires to the switch and D-cell battery. Then stick a short wire to connect the D-cell and switch.
Feet, because it has a great space between.
The circuit is not complete. The electrical pathway is broken.
I will start the motor and light.
First you get the food. Then you get brown paper or some type of paper. Next you squish the peanuts and walnuts on 2 pieces of paper. Finally you wait 3 days before checking the grease marks.
Gerry used a paper filter to separate a mixture of sand, salt, and water. Think about particle size and answer this question: Why did the salt go through the filter while the sand got caught?
Sammy - Because you could get down easy.
The graph shows you it keep going up until 4. At 4 probably makes the plant weak and then it keeps going down.
There is 30 grams (20 grams plus 10 grams) in the right cup. The balance is tipped down on the ball side which means the ball weighs more than 30 grams. 40 grams is the only weight heavier than 30 grams.
Cup one has less material on the bottom.
A. The box had a bigger black spot to hold and attract more heat.
I think red reflected the heat away.
How do I know it is the steepest because the lines are closer.
A solution is when you take a mixture like powder and mix it with water then after stirring it, it becomes a solution.
It would not stick because it is not magnetic.
As time goes on the number gets larger.
The pitch will be higher.
The clay is deposited there, because the clay has the least amount of mass so it will go farther.
Having different balls, and the way they stood at the line.
Just wait for 3 minutes.
First you get a scale and an indicator with a circle in the middle. Second you put the walnuts in the circle of the Indicator. The mass has to be one gram. Then you do the same with the peanut. Then you let it dry for 2 days. Once you do that you get a 400 square centimeters graph and measure the.
If mixture 3 is dissolved, and mixture one is not dissolved. Mixture 2 will not be dissolved because it is less concentrated than mixture 3.
It would be a higher pitch.
The rest stay on.
They got different measurements because their hands could be different sizes.
A. B because dry soil is not that high than the water one.
Mixtures one, 3, and possibly 2 are clear a sign that the material has dissolved and made a solution.
Because when you give it less room to vibrate it makes a higher pitch.
If the penny gets scratched the nickel is harder and if the nickel gets scratched then the penny is harder.
Use the "slope" and "no slope" stream-table maps and logs on the facing page to answer these questions. What information do you get from the stream-table logs that you do not get from the stream-table maps?
The time the erosion and deposition happens.
It will not stick to it.
Because a ball is heavy, and if you put in 10 grams it will probably weight.
B. Well, I know that water will heat up faster and I thought that maybe the soil will not heat up faster.
That there is acid present yeast indicates sugar.
Because I saw it.
225, You keep adding 75.
The relationship between the independent and the dependent variable is the more load the slower the truck will go.
Because his experiment took action right away with no waiting.
Anna will measure the grease spot then she will figure out which one has more fat.
X, I know solution x is more concentrated because it is heavier than solution y.
That will happen because it will make a complete circuit with the motor.
No because the least drops you put the more concentrated it is.
Because, the electricity goes through the wrong way the second time.
I chose that answer because 2 foam blocks too much for the magnet.
I chose it because all the wires have to be hooked together to make a circuit.
Calcite crystals, long needles. Salt crystals, X shape.
The blue heats up more than the red by just a little bit, so that tells the blue collects more solar energy.
The negative end are sharing so the D-cell is getting all the power.
This means that there was acid and or sugar in the product.
He could filter it and the solid could be in the filter and the water could be in the cup.
Because it vibrated so since that vibrated she noticed the splash and she thought it must of been vibration.
Yes. Black absorbs more heat (energy) than white. White reflects more heat (energy) than black. Therefore the black covered box will heat up faster than the white covered box.
Because the mountain is the highest peak and water flows downhill.
If they are the same dog.
The negative and positive are on both parts of the battery.
The motor will go out.
Because the 2 foam blocks are too thick.
Because it is easier to read! And there is more information on it.
The white solid indicates that a precipitate has occurred.
He is using degrees Celsius.
Because vibration.
Because the sun moves. So the shadow will change where it is.
So that control your experiment without changing more than one variable.
The cement is heat sink and the wood is heat sink.
It was deposited there because it has a lesser mass and therefore is carried farther than all of the other earth materials.
Cars have iron or steel in them so they might attract to the magnets.
A river rock earth motional with it and deposits it at the mouth. There is forming a delta.
The pitch higher so it was more of a ding than a bring.
It will be low the pitch change.
By looking with a mirror or something else.
Help it grow.
How long the string is how much it got less swings. How short the string is how much it got more swings.
They do not use the same kind of ball and they get different speeds.
If it left a scratch.
A. I think Julie is A because when first temperature. I did her first so I think she is A.
Lay the crushed walnuts and peanuts on brown paper.
Protects the seedlings.
If they get a running start and if they had the same ball or not.
A heat sink is a material that heats up slowly and cools down slowly.
She needs to observe her lizard.
The magnetism force flows through the paperclips.
Because the eggshells bubbled and a few days later the eggshells were gone.
The car hood can trigger the light to change.
The flashlight would represent the sun, and the sun does not rotate. However, the earth does rotate.
In example A the magnets stuck. But example B it has 2 blocks and it does not matter if it is thick or thin.
Susan will know how much sugar is in the foods by putting each bag in a volume tube one at a time. When her finder stops after pushing the top, the bottom of the part she pushes down will be on a number. That number is the milliliters of sugar in the food. Whichever number is the highest, that means that food has the most sugar.
She made a solution because the eggshells had disappeared and it cannot be separated.
No they do not because they are not the same amount of water and it will not equal the same.
They came from the same kind of dogs.
Because it is a faster distance from the bottom.
No, they do not because Richard put more water which will make it less concentrated.
No. I think that Mariella's saturated solution is more concentrated because it has more solid.
Because alum looks like the picture above.
No because only a certain amount of solid can dissolve in a certain amount of water. They both got different solubility in the same amount of water which mean somebody did something wrong.
The line.
I chose this answer because one of the blocks said 20 grams.
Overly Orange contain the higher vitamin C because the less drops the more vitamin C.
It would show her how to check for acid.
The evidence is the water cannot take any more ingredients.
I chose it because on the key it looks the same as the crystal evaporating dish.
That the blue will heat up faster than the red because the blue is darker.
We cannot tell if they have the same fingerprint we cannot tell if 2 have the same fingerprint.
Why was the siren's sound designed to have this property?
I can see the ball is heavier than 30 grams because it is not a perfect balance and the level is not perfect.
One will scratch the other one. She should rub the scratch, too. That way she knows if it is a scratch or dust from the other mineral.
Lee has an object he wants to test to see if it is an insulator or a conductor. He is going to use the circuit you see in the picture. How will he know if the object is a conductor?
The light bulb will run.
The sand is the heaviest one because it is more heavier than the flour.
Lee can put the object in the middle of the wires hanging down. Then you put the wires against the sides of the object.
She needed to compare if Fruity Cream cookies is pure sugar.
When you pluck a rubber band and let it go it moves back and forth which makes it vibrate.
First you must have the same mass. Then, you must smear them on the same type of brown paper, but spread evenly in the circle. Finally, you must wait the same amount of time.
The key on the bottom and the match.
When the timer stop for 10 minutes put the baggie into the volume tube to see which food had the most sugar.
The opposite of the side you are looking at.
The more blocks the harder the truck tries to go faster causing it to go slower.
I decided what the temperature was going to be because if you look at 10 minutes it will look like its going up by 3's.
Deltas form by water running over it.
C. Because the pan has more disks but they also are small so they would heat up easily.
Maggie wanted to find out if surface area affected temperature change. She had 3 white cake pans. She filled each with 300 milliliters of water. She put one small black plastic disk in pan A, 2 in pan B, and 3 in pan C. Then she put all 3 pans in the sun. When Maggie measured the water temperature in each pan after 15 minutes, which pan do you think held the hottest water? Explain your answer.
Connect one of the tips of the long wire to the switch. Connect the other long end of the wire to the D-cell and connect the short wire to the D-cell and the switch.
Jack made a lifeboat out of a large paper cup. He decided to measure how far the boat sank when different numbers of marbles were added. His data are shown in the table. Identify the standard for Jack's experiment.
A tells you it has dashing lines B is telling us it has bumps.
The earth materials is get carried off to the mouth of a river.
The information that you do get is what happens and what form.
He could get a piece of metal or iron and put it between the 2 wires and turn the switch on or you could put the 2 wires together and turn the switch on.
The pitch is higher.
You will see the line of symmetry.
Short string high pitch, long string low pitch.
A. Because dry soil heats more in the sun.
She is going to need food for both of them, water, space and shelter.
The relationship is that each time he add a block it goes about one meter lower.
She controlled her energy to throw more.
Sammy - Because those are all different materials.
C. It has more black parts.
That will happen because it is a complete circuit.
Protects the embryo.
Bubbles coming out of the rock and murky water.
Because it got half of it cut off so you cannot make it go back and forth.
He would look up that type of crystal in a book and find out what type it is.
Tube, warm water 50 milliliters, 40 to 50 bag syringe, yeast, tube, testing food, measuring utensils.
Because Q is moving like a snake and it is hard to go swirl like this.
Maybe he should scratch even other then when you are done see if one have scratches.
Compare the bags to see which bag has more carbon dioxide in it 50, the more carbon dioxide in the bag the more sugar the food has.
28 F.
No, because the 100 milliliters of water is more concentrated because it has less solvent and 250 milliliters of water has more solvent.
It is so big it has a lot of room to vibrate.
A car is made of a lot of iron or steel.
A. I choose A because it heated up faster and was spread out so it heated up faster.
The effort is going up which makes it harder.
No. The data will not support her answer because all it says are the materials and what she is going to do.
Because they are big.
So you can find the actual answer to a question that you have.
The sand and flour separate because sand floats to the top and the flour stays on the bottom.
Mixture 2 maybe clear with nothing on the bottom.
I think it will help be by the shape and what has on it.
It was soft then it got louder.
A. A because it has more black painted than in box B so A absorbs more than B.
That happens because the electricity is still going around the other 2 bulbs.
Paula wants to test a food to see if it contains acid and/or sugar. When Paula added water and yeast to a sample of the food and put the mixture in a warm water bath, the mixture began to fizz and bubble. Paula tested for the other substance. What would the test results tell her?
A. Because water is the best heat sink and heat sinks absorb solar energy slowly and release it slowly. Dry soil is a heat sink too, but is not the best.
When something is mixing so you get a solution.
No, string is an insulator, so the pathway would not be completed.
Water and food.
He had a standard for 5 marbles 3 boat sank.
They could use grams to weigh them.
Sammy - Because plastic, metal, and wood have different sounds so it will be easier.
Because the direction the shadows were facing and in my journal.
If they made a swinger for like 20 inches it can swing less or high.
The motor is not running.
The magnets are not touching because they are flipped around a certain way that they do not stick instead they repel.
They do not touch each other because one side of the magnet has a force and the other side stick to each other because they do not have a force.
I think the new temperature change would be 6 because I look at it it looks like it adding by 3 so that I would think would be the temperature change.
Because the more water going at a faster pace because of the slopes will cause more erosion because gravity will help slope.
I going to put salt and water and leave it for some days and it is going to turn into crystals.
Nathaniel - Because it is all the same thing.
The girls controlled the basketball and baseball. Also a football.
He will know because the motor will come on if it is a conductor.
A. The water in Julie's heater got hotter faster (or had a greater temperature change in 20 minutes). The collector in heater A has the greater surface area so the water in A would get hotter faster than the water in B.
The salt dissolved and the water evaporated and the salt went to the bottom.
It would not tell the difference if blue is warmer the red or uncover heat up slower than cover.
They can use grams.
You have to make sure it has seeds.
The elytra also protects the Bess beetle if it falls on its back.
Because he saw it bubble up that is why he knew it was a chemical reaction.
I looked at them really closely and they looked like crystals and diamonds.
Sammy - I think Sammy is better because it make a really hard code. Nathaniel does not makes a hard code.
If the middle bulb burns out the other 2 bulbs will stay lit.
Yes because a piece of foil is not steel.
A heat sink is a heat that is wet.
He could filter out the solid. Or evaporate the water.
It has to run in a circle.
The motor will quit because it is in a series if one thing runs out the rest that are hooked up to it will not work.
Sammy - Because you need difference thing.
The distance of the meter is going lower. Number of blocks is getting lower too.
To help control the controlled experiment.
Loop.
Because it shows and once you see it you will know that it is a chemical reaction because it starts to look like little bubbles and that is what a chemical reaction is.
The effect of using a blue cover can heat it up faster than red. Blue is also darker than red.
No not all mixtures and solutions come out correct he needs to let it sit or he should let or he should let I stir it.
The grains of salt must be smaller than the grains of sand.
The number of times it rings and the times.
The solid disappears into air pockets.
Yes I agree with Kate because it has to vibrate.
How can you use a magnet to find out if the key is iron or aluminum?
I chose cup 2 because it has the same water 2 has more solute.
Clear, nothing on bottom because mixture one and 3 are that.
Janet found the solubility of silver chloride to be 86 grams in 50 milliliters of water. Mike found the solubility of silver nitrate to be 108 grams in 50 milliliters of water. Janet and Mike thought they must have made a mistake. They thought the solubilities of all materials in water should be the same. Is it possible that both solubilities are correct? Explain your answer.
Overly Orange 5 less than the Luscious Lemon and was quicker to change color.
They have X in them.
If she touched it to a brass ring it would not stick because copper does not stick to a magnet.
Check if is right or not.
The motor will work.
That happens because just because one burns out does not mean the rest will and electricity can still flow.
From scratching with another minerals.
The marbles used by the 2 groups were probably different masses.
It flows faster and carries lots of birdie.
Would by a sound. Because it was high and low enough for someone to hear.
I knew which direction was west because in class, I learned that no matter what way you are facing, west is always on the left side.
It is something like dry soil.
Yes because there is enough power for it to work but it will be bright and it is a parallel circuit.
The salt dissolved in the mixture.
He could evaporate the solution and the water would be in the air and the solid would be in the container.
Because there is only one D-Cell so 3 bulbs will definitely not work worse.
You can get information and time of how fast where and how.
It vibrates off the other side.
Grows into a plant.
One, 2, 3 they all are clear with no material on the bottom.
The baby plant.
You have to test it out and you start with the ball to see who throws the farthest. The other thing is to not go past the line and not mess up.
Because she might open her hands why does not she use a ruler.
Their paw prints will be the same.
One is they all have different balls. 2 is they have some bigger which makes them go not as far as distance as the smaller ones which go farther.
They explain it in words instead of using pictures.
Bee's groups maybe had bigger marbles then the other group.
Because dark color absorbs more sunlight.
Overly Orange has the higher concentration of vitamin C because I took less amount of drops.
A. It is box A because the box has more black than the other box and it absorbs the sun is heat.
Because he knew the bubbles meant carbon dioxide was being formed.
Seed coat cracks.
You have to pull twice as much rope to lift the load.
Because It means that it is a gas or new material!
The more air in the bag, the more sugar.
They will not shine.
The one that make a mark. She should also see if stuff comes off when she scratches it.
Because it starts between a valley and mountains and goes the opposite direction.
Because when it bubbles that means a reaction is taking place.
Jorge knew a chemical reaction occurred, because the mixture began to bubble.
Yes because it lets electricity flow through.
The rubber band makes a sound because it is on the doorknob.
Because the earth rotates which causes the shadow to move but the sun stays where it is at.
He would move the flashlight around and the shadow would move. If he started the globe the flashlight would just be shining on the globe and not the golf tee so he would not be figuring out how shadows change during the day.
It tells about using the solar water heater on the data chart.
Nathaniel and Sammy are trying to make up a code for sending messages to each other by dropping items in a drop chamber and listening to them. Sammy wants to design a code using blocks made of plastic, metal, and wood. Nathaniel thinks it would be a better idea to use wooden blocks of different sizes and shapes. Which student's method would make it easier to tell the difference between the sounds? Why?
The bulb share the same D-Cell.
20 centimeters size is between 10 and 30 centimeters, so the temperature change must be less than the 30 centimeters container, but more than the 10 centimeters container. 6 degrees Celsius is halfway between.
Because it is the only one that is touching.
2. Then you use a marker to trace the items on the map. 4. Do it again then color what you did.
It would change to a low pitch.
0 Marbles, amount boat sank.
This graph tells me the number of the tree's rings and how long.
The green tells you that the relationship between the scoops of fertilizer and mass of beans harvest kilograms, is that they each go apart different.
You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?
The sand particles are larger and settle first. The flour particles are smaller and therefore settle more slowly.
When the solid dissolves.
He should pour the acid on it, then if it has bubbles all over it is calcite.
It will because as long as there is a connection and it goes from the negative to the positive.
Because the white boards were different sizes.
The solid would be too big to pass through the small holes in the filter paper.
No, because they do not say how much spoons are in there and 250 milliliters is more concentrated.
They are almost pure sugar because they column tube on the left is above 200 milliliters and the one on the right is below.
Sammy - Because a material has a sound. Like cardboard makes a thump and metal makes a ring. So since Sammy has different material, we could discriminate thing easier.
Because it was gone.
I chose C. It might stick, but it might not because it depends on how strong the magnet is.
More water will make it faster to erode, a steeper hill will make it go faster down hill.
Get the same size apples.
Because they are different ingredients.
For bubbles.
Something that feeds the seed.
They need the same kind of ball and with the same weight and to stand still when throwing the ball.
It will be too low if you pluck the short string. It is loud when you pluck the long string.
Because when you hit it vibrates and it vibrates in the water.
The graph tells me that blue will heat up faster than red, probably because blue is darker, which attracts heat faster.
Because they are different colors.
The rings do not touch each other because if the magnets are not the right way they will repel.
You would see the object. But the object looks like it was flipped.
Because when you have a dark color it absorbs more of the heat, so that is why Sue should put dark green at the bottom of the pool.
Yes. Well, black attracts to the sun more than white does so the black box is going to get hotter.
The mixtures are clear.
Adam can try to make crystals and if the solution he used makes crystals then that is the same solution his friend used.
It stows the food for the young plant.
Andi and Scott decided to investigate solar water heaters using collectors of different colors (but the same size) as one variable and covered versus uncovered as a second variable. Look at the graph of their data and answer the questions below. Why would comparing only the red uncovered heater with the blue covered heater not provide useful information?
The clay deposit is farther because of its light weight.
The sand cannot go through because the water would not let the sand dissolve.
Sammy - Because you could know what is the difference of sounds.
Georgia found one brown mineral and one black mineral. How can she test them for hardness using only the 2 minerals (no tools)?
The variable they controlled was bringing their own balls.
They need to use the same ball and throw it from the same spot without running to the line, taking steps to the line, or one person just standing at the line.
If he has a chart he can just match to whichever one it looks like.
He is using is feeling.
The cord from the battery is not on both sides.
It will work because it is the only one touching the light bulb base.
He would observe the nothing will be at the bottom.
Steep slopes can have landslides, faster water can gush. To be a flood plus massively erode.
They are on the same side.
A has marks and lines and B does not have marks and lines like A it has polka dots on it and lines through the polka dots.
Because the earth's gravitational pull.
The other bulbs will still light.
C. Because it has more black in it that attracts the sun to make it hotter.
He should put vinegar in the vial and put then rock inside and look for bubbles.
First you need a square centimeter chart. Put it in the circle and add them. The cross that are half add them to each other.
Celsius.
I think that the red covered was not in the sun.
If the key is iron it will attract if it is not it will repel.
It was a high pitch when she hit the string when it was not holding down the string it was a lower sound.
The light bulb will or the motor will make a sound.
I do not know.
If one puff up more that means that it has sugar in it.
Delta is formed because the mouth is full of water or melted ice.
Maybe they had bigger marbles than the other team.
The string was tighter.
It would be a high pitch.
If they have the same kind of arch, loop, or whorl.
A. Julie's temperature went higher than David because she has more square units of solar collectors.
To make the balls the same thing so it is a fair game to play. Like a baseball, basketball or a football to throw.
It said so on a paper.
Yes. Because the black one will get hotter than the white one.
The motor will run.
It is filled with magnet and iron and steel.
It tells me if you put a red uncovered it will not heat as much, If you put a red covered it will heat more than the red uncovered.
Because it is sticky!
When 2 variables are changed, it is impossible to determine which variable is causing what effect.
I think it will just be the same temperature. Because it is the same shape.
A. Because it heats up faster.
Because clay is a bigger.
You can use a piece of aluminum foil because it will connection.
That will happen because there is no battery.
The green is almost like black and the darker the sheeting is its color attracts the sun and heats up the pool.
Yes even though it is not a complete circuit.
It would make it harder because if you divide 360 by how many supporting ropes a single fixed pulley has which is one then it would be 360 newtons for the effort that is 180 newtons harder to lift the load.
Because the solid stay because it is too big and water it can just go through things like that.
That they get different lines.
Protects the seed so it can grow.
She can scratch them together and the one with the mark is the soft one.
Because it was bubbles and fizzing.
It betakes the pea.
Maybe because the mountains are that way, or there are cracks and the water goes through.
One group did not zero out the balance one did.
No because on the diagram it shows pure sugar is more than Fruity Cream cookies.
The river gets the water from the mountain and takes it to happy valley.
Put the solution in an evaporation plate and let it dissolve.
By telling if it is a whorl a loop or an arch.
No! You need another wire to connection.
Because the salt crystals were squares with Xs in them and the calcite crystals were and did not make shapes.
If the key attracts is iron. If it repels is aluminum.
Because positive is facing it.
Because while the earth rotates, we see the sun in different direction. The sun rises at the east and sets in the west.
No, it will not work because you have to have some kind of metal to make it work.
The pitch will change by getting lower.
Katie got a guitar for her birthday. She experimented with the strings and found she could change their sounds. Katie also discovered that when she pressed down on a string with her finger, making the string shorter, the sound again changed. Describe how the sound was different when the string was shortened.
A. Because the dry soil absorbs heat and traps the heat.
It is not the shape that makes the difference, it is the area.
The amount of marbles.
We used magnifying glasses and some sort of guide thing that told us what different kinds of salt looks like.
The other part of that shape of the flat figure.
The 2 other bulbs will run if the middle one burns out.
The black areas in the 2 collectors (and the collectors themselves) are the same size. The amount of heat absorbed will be the same so the temperature change will also be the same.
Gives the seed food.
The dog's name will be on the paper so you know which dog it came from.
It will not because there has to be a wire in each wire holder.
Protecting the thorax.
Put it on something metal or a screw or a desk.
As time goes on the speed of light stay same.
Because I know what to do with the key.
Clear and 2 things that make it still clear.
They can use meters or a tape measure.
It forms when a river goes to a larger part of water and it leaves particles behind.
The siren makes it louder.
Yes, I agree with her. In order to make sound, it needs to move.
That they both work together.
If the bulb shuts off the motor will turn off because it is a series circuit.
Set up evaporation dishes. The water will go into the air (evaporate) and the solid will be left in the dish (crystallize).
The short string will be High and the long string will be low.
The rule for deciding if the part of a plant you are observing is a fruit is a fruit is not a fruit unless it has seeds.
The water rises and starts getting wavy and out of hand.
It will cut off the light and motor.
Yes and no it has to have iron in it.
It is because Greta has bigger hands and Andre has little hands.
They can use a metric tape.
Use the same stuff.
By letting it sit in a dish for a day.
One shows the number of blocks and one shows the distance of how far they went.
So you can get the closest answer to the question.
It has too many manipulated variables it could not give the same information.
X, cup x because it has more sugar in it.
No because the electricity will not go through the string because it has to be some steel or iron.
The number of marbles.
Fabric A is smoother and has a finer texture. Fabric B is rougher and has a coarser texture.
30 meters, Because if you look at A and then C. C get a lower amount by subtracting.
No because they are different grams.
The same because once a solution is saturated it is at its greatest concentration.
We poured the water out of the bottle.
So she can see the difference of the pure sugar and regular sugar.
Because that is the picture Emily drew. Crystals have different shapes.
Because it is too thick to slide down the filter.
The bus stop's shadow was facing the opposite direction because in the morning the sun rises from the east and the shadow was facing west. The sun sets in the west and so the shadow is facing east.
If Anne touched the nail to brass ring it would fall it would fall because it is not made of iron.
Because on 10 centimeters is 3 and on 30 centimeters is 9 so in the middle of it is 6.
Denise made a circuit to light a bulb or run a motor off a D-cell battery. She used a special switch. Below is the schematic diagram of her circuit. The switch is inside the dotted box. Why will the bulb light when she moves the switch to the left?
The cotyledon is a little plant in the bean that store food.
It tells me that the older the tree the more rings it has.
If Anne touched the nail to a brass ring it will stick to the nail just like the paperclip did.
That there is average time and a lot of speed of light.
If the strings were tightened it would make a high sound.
Overly Orange has higher concentration and the evidence is the overly Orange has 8 drops and Luscious Lemon has 13 drops.
No 2 prints are the same.
Yes because aluminum foil is different than string and foil is metal.
By breaking the rock.
No because brass does not stick to magnets.
All of them will go out.
It will be higher pitch.
B. The graph helped me decide which container had dry soil because I know that water is a better heat sink and wet soil has water in it.
Earth materials are carried by water and dropped under the water settling at the bottom of the river.
It goes to a different place.
Protection.
Because we did not experiment like that and it worked it did the same thing we marked.
When there is a flood the water flow is much faster. It is also stronger.
They could buy a new rug and see if it fits.
They cause more erosion because there is more water flowing out the hole making a flood and when it is elevated it makes the water move faster moving more sediment.
Mark an X next to each of the following that can cause more erosion in a streamtable experiment. (Use a water source with a bigger hole.) Use a water source with a smaller hole.  Make the slope flatter. (Make the slope steeper.) Explain why your choices cause more erosion.
Yes, my evidence is that Diva's father said that they were pure sugar.
The car could be made of iron.
Maybe because in the little dish there is little holes and it will not go through it.
The fruit snap did not have vitamin C.
Diva needed to test pure sugar so that she could make sure Fruity Cream cookies did not have as much carbon dioxide as pure sugar to see if her dad was wrong.
It is separate because the paper filter is liquid.
Because 2 sponges is too much.
There is no standard.
Because 2 mixtures become a solution. A solution is different because mixture cannot become a solution only 2 can.
I think that the Overly Orange and the Luscious Lemon do not contain a higher concentration because they clear the indophenol fast.
Gives you the fiber you need.
The jaw.
Both of the finger points have a loop.
The light bulb would light up.
The loops are going different ways.
No because if it does not go clear it has no vitamin C.
The motor will continue to run because the motor still has a pathway to the D-cell.
I chose to put the green plastic because if the color is dark then the sun gets attracted to the dark color which makes it heat up faster.
The pitch will go high.
Yes because if you do not move it will not make sound.
A short string the vibrations go faster so there is a higher pitch.
Because the sand is thicker than the water. Water is smooth.
The magnet has enough power to pick up more things. What happens is the magnetic field goes around and the clips sticks to clip and then that clips up another and so forth.
It gets higher when it is short and lower when it is longer.
What the 3 girls need to do is stand straight and same sized ball.
They both have the same amount of surface area in the container and are filled with the same amount of water.
They could weigh it.
That the sun absorbs more heat, with dark colors.
To protect the baby seed.
When you only change one thing and you know the thing is causing it to do something.
When conducting a controlled experiment, why do you use a standard?
Put some vinegar in a vial but first put the rock inside then you will see bubbles going so so fast and you have to wait about 2 minutes and you will see it.
It is touching both sides of the battery and the light bulb.
He was using degrees Celsius.
Pam's friend recommended using the topographic map because you can see which side of the mountain is the steepest. That way you know where the non steep side. Also it snows rivers.
My choices cause more erosion because if you have a bigger hole more water can pour through and if the slope is steeper water will come down harder.
Because she will know the elevation and which side is steeper.
Because it is the straightest part.
The solid was too big to go through the filter paper.
That the solar heat is getting hotter. And that it is up to about 20 minute almost to 25.
You do not have a directional advantage.
The longer the swinger the less swings it makes.
Because it is like bird's eye view and so if you look top to bottom you will see almost every detail.
You would see the object.
The solid stays because its particle size was too large to go through the filter.
The car has iron or steel on it so the magnet sends a signal.
The pitch would go higher.
It is the hardest because it cannot be scratched by any of them and the others can be scratched with at least one of the minerals.
The indophenol did not change color with Fruitsnap because it did not have vitamin C in it.
The finger texture, shape.
The water would flow much faster and rise above the marshes. During a normal day the water would not be moving very fast and if would not be over the marshes.
How they start and what ball they use.
The wires have to touch the light bulb so like a circle of air to light up the light bulb.
The bulb will not light because there is not enough electricity.
40 meters, I know because the contour line is 20. So since A and B is 20 add 20 more.
Rivers usually flow through valley. It grow weaker at the mountain because it cannot go uphill.
It is an earth material that absorbs energy slowly and releases it slowly.
The light bulb needs both plus and minus to be on different parts of the holder.
Yes. They are both saturated which means they are also concentrated.
Well a mineral is in a can of rock there is.
Whichever one has more oil spread out on the paper towel has the most fat.
I tell what is he mean.
The wearing down of earth material which will deposited.
Because both the maps show the shapes of the landforms but a topographic map shows elevation and steepness.
Because salt can dissolve but sand is tiny parts of the ground.
Because the vibrations.
Because if you used vials would be different sizes.
Because solution 2 is more concentrate because it has more spoonfuls.
The test results would tell her that the food substance that fizzed and bubbled the most has the most sugar.
High pitch.
No because the experiment tells so cookies have 150 while sugar has 200.
Sammy - Because you can tell the difference of metal, plastic, and wood. You know it is ding for metal and bom for plastic and hock for wood.
Because you can see salt in water.
They are both arches.
If a part of the plant contains seeds, that part is the fruit.
To do chromatography tests.
It tells me that the more water she puts in the plant the heavier it is.
Use a filter to separate the. The solid will stay in filter and water will just go through.
They controlled the line.
Place that stores food for it.
The string made a higher pitch because it made it stop earlier which makes a higher pitch.
Yes because they are both different.
The cotyledon provides food for the plant to begin growing.
A. A because black is shown more on the bottom and so the black absorbed the heat.
So people know there is an emergency.
Because the only way it would move to a different place is if you rotate the globe. If you were just moving the flashlight it will not really do anything.
Marbles in Bee's group is bigger.
2. Trace over with a marker or Sharpie. 4. Color it.
Because it would tell you where it is more steep and the elevation and the other one will not.
Because if she did not know it she would not know how much it was or if they were the same.
The sun rises in the east so the shadow was on the west and the sun sets in the west so the shadow was on the east.
The other 2 will still light.
How they stood in the line, and how far they are.
When the crystals of the mock rock you could see them really good and with the minerals, calcite, they were hard to see.
So I would get the right answer.
It is formed by amount river or stream.
Same sized balls. Take 2 steps then throw.
Because the bulb does not have its own path of electricity to flow.
If she moves the switch to the left everything will turn on.
Wendy should connect the long wire to the battery next.
Because the sun is hitting the tree and it is making a shadow.
Because you want to know what is the regular way and to compare the first way.
Because the solar water heaters are the same size and there is the same amount of water in each container.
Sammy's idea - Because using things all made of wood would be harder to discriminate.
The more blocks you put on the truck the farther it gets, in meters.
A short string being plucked is different than the long string being plucked because the long string has the lowest pitch. And the shortest has the highest pitch.
It feeds the baby plant.
It forms with gravity because it is like metal and plastic.
Look at the grease marks.
First, you use a scale to measure one gram. Next, you mash up the food. Then, you use brown paper with a black outline place the foods in 2 different pieces of paper. Finally, you wait 2 days and look at your results.
You cannot because it is an insulator.
When you let go it vibrates.
Because the drawing looked like the early morning of the day and I knew that the sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
The one is that are cover they heat up more sun and it gets hotter.
Phil should pour the cold acid on the rock and if it fizzes it has calcite in it.
Because if you let it sit the sand goes to the bottom and flour goes up.
You can see when all the important happened.
Overly Orange takes fewer drops to change the color of indophenol so Overly Orange has a higher concentration of vitamin C.
Look at the picture below [which shows a balance tipped down on the side containing a ball; the right cup has 20 grams and 10 grams mass pieces]. The mass of the ball is one of the following. It must be A. 20 grams. B. 30 grams. (C. 40 grams.) Explain why you chose the answer that you did.
Because until you get to 5 minute to 25 minute these different numbers but until the 30 it goes down and sometimes it could be the same.
Something that you do and you control.
Nathaniel - Nathaniel because, Sammy is softer, and if the plastic is too soft, it will not make a sound, and he or her will not be able to hear it.
The harder will leave a scratch on the other.
3 girls wanted to see who could throw a ball the farthest. Each girl brought her favorite ball to the park. Ling brought her basketball, Diana brought her football, and Rachael brought her baseball. They made a line on the playground. They all had to throw the ball from that line. Ling took 2 steps up to the line and threw her basketball. Diana stood at the line and threw her football. Rachael got a running start and threw her baseball when she reached the line. Rachael threw her ball the farthest. Describe 2 variables that are not controlled in the contest.
I think they did not zero it out on the balance beam.
Because they are not attracting.
Because cup 2 have 8 spoons.
It would be less because it will be smaller than the other solar heater except the 10 centimeters one.
You can grade a piece of brown paper get a walnut and peanut butter smash both on separate piece of paper and wait 24 hours. But make sure they weigh the same or the grease stain on one might be bigger.
Shadows change during the day because the Earth is turning. The Sun stays in one place.
It is heavy so I thought it would drop off quick.
Because she can touch and see which is hard.
Maybe they both have arches but not in the same way.
No, because aluminum is just like paper and paper cannot light up things either.
It indicates carbon dioxide.
Greta used her hand to measure the length of the whiteboard in her classroom. She found that it was 14 hands long. Andre measured the whiteboard and found that it was 16 hands long. Explain why Greta and Andre got different measurements.
Topaz is harder than X, Y, and Z because it cannot be scratched by a fingernail, a laser, or a paperclip.
It stays lit.
Because there is nothing at the bottom.
Deltas are formed because the water takes the sand to the end of the river where it piles up and forms a delta.
It makes sound.
The cotyledon stores the food.
It sounded high.
This graph tells me that the speed never changes.
The first group had smaller marbles.
You can tell if the 2 dogs' paw prints are the same if it is the same as exactly the same dog.
How do you know when a solid and a liquid form a solution?
The cup that did not hold anything.
The way they stand at the line.
Because the contour lines are closer than the others.
It would fall because a brass ring is not made of iron or metal.
They could use a standard measurement.
Mixtures 4 and 5 are evidence.
No, because Richard has more concentration space than Mariella because he has more water which means less saturation room.
The sack of food for the seed.
Because the dark green will absorb the heat.
Elena has to put homes inside of the habitat.
The elytra are used to make sounds.
X, because cup x weighs more than cup y.
How you would know that one of them is harder is for say if the nickel never a scratch the penny, and the penny got scratch by the nickel then the nickel would be harder than the penny that is how you would which one is harder.
The earth materials are carried away and dropped off at the end.
Kurt was investigating which objects stick to magnets. He made an entry in his science notebook and drew a picture to help explain what he did. Look what I did! I picked up a paperclip with a magnet. Then that paperclip picked up another one, and then another one. And they weren't hooked together either. All they had to do was touch each other. Explain to Kurt why he was able to pick up all those paperclips, even though the magnet was only touching the first one.
Whichever one that has more scratches.
Deltas form by depositions with water.
In a single fixed you have directional advantage, and you pull the rope as far as the load moves, but a single fixed or single movable up has no directional advantage, and you have to pull the rope 3 times as far.
Because one of their hands are different sizes.
All solutions are mixtures, and a solution is when something disappears into the other.
Overly Orange because it took fewer drops than Luscious Lemon.
You can touch one wire on one end and the other on the other side to see if it will run or not.
Food supply.
Look at the schematic diagram. What will happen to the other 2 bulbs if the middle bulb burns out?
Only the light will light.
It was fizzing because when he a mix baking soda and citric acid together the fizzing have meant that it dissolved and made bubbles.
There is a complete circuit connecting the bulb to the D-cell battery.
Yes because all material move in a different way.
If you do not use one you and your partner will not get accurate answers.
Sammy - Sammy's idea is easier because if they are using different materials and Nathaniel's idea is only using wood, then you can not really tell them apart even if they are different sizes.
This graph tells you how fast the speed of light travels in a certain amount of time.
Topaz is hard because you cannot scratch it with penny, fingernail or a paperclip.
It was tighter so it made a higher pitch.
They do not have the same number.
Because 2 is half of 4 spoons and 50 milliliters is half of 100.
Because the sun rises in the east and sets on the west. So in the morning the shadows will be facing one direction and on the afternoon it will be facing the other way.
The chemical reaction indicates that it has a lot of sugar in it.
You would have to pull 3 times as much on this than you would a single fixed. Also, it is easier to pull down than up.
It is the same crystals.
Sand and water have different size particles and they stick together.
No because the circuit got cut off.
He is able to by letting the force go through the paperclips and making them all attract not repel because hand makes a repel and that is a magnetism of science.
Sharice could have the rug and her wall before buying the rug.
Because they are the same shape.
Because that is downhill.
The cotyledon is the food storage.
Because sand is heavier and since the sand is heavier it would go down from clay and there is a bigger amount of sand too.
If just the penny could scratch and the nickel could not the penny is harder.
Because she mix more there was fizz.
He can use the circuit by touching the wires to the object.
Pam and her family were planning a hike. Pam found 2 maps of the same area. Her friend recommended she use the topographic map when they went to the lake. Which letter (Q, R, or S) on the map is on the steepest part of the trail? (Q) How do you know it is the steepest part of the trail?
Sammy - Sammy will make it easier because you can tell the sound of blocks and the sound of metal.
The water flows a lot faster during a flood compared to the speed flowing during a normal flow.
2 variables that are not controlled in the contest were the amount of steps and what ball they are going to use.
Because the salt was too small so small that you cannot see it.
The shadow turns the opposite way in the afternoon, in the morning it is on the side of you.
Calcite look like this the salt, drew picture, crystals look like this, drew picture.
If it were iron it would stick.
The standard is the first lifeboat he made.
The clay is deposited there because it is lighter so it travels farther and spreads out more.
That the time goes up.
The time is increasing the tree rings are increasing.
The tree rings and time are both increasing.
You have to slowly tip the vial for only the water to go.
40 meters, each line goes up 20 meters.
The solid stayed in because it was not as watery and it was bigger chucks. The liquid is watery and so it went through.
Is the seed.
Because it is very simple I added 20 plus 10 and it equaled 30 grams. And that is how I got my answer.
The rings are made out of metal because they are repelling.
It is the same because it has the same stuff at the bottom.
The apples are different sizes.
It had a high pitch to warn people.
Because the darker plastic will absorb the heat and it will heat the pool faster.
I decided that temperature because a 20 centimeters water heater would probably half of what it is.
That happen because the electricity is flowing around in a circle.
They should use a standard measurement.
He would observe fizzing in the cups. To evidence this you would put a lot of things in both of the cups.
X, I know because when a solution has more solid, has a better taste, or weighs more it is more concentrated than the other one.
Whichever one has the most carbon dioxide in the baggy has the most carbohydrates.
If it has sees it is a fruit.
Because Sammy used lots of different objects, plastic, metal, wood, Nathaniel thinks you should use the same object, just different shapes.
They are different thumbs of people.
They are flipped around.
Because the light bulb is on the right.
There will be no electricity.
Because first she put eggshells then the next day she made a solution.
It tells me that the blue collectors heat up faster than the blue collectors.
So they can see which is steep or not and safe.
The rings do not touch because the top is south pole is the one below it is the south pole. When the poles are north and south they attract.
The sun rises on the east.
I know it is west because the sunrise in the east and the shadow is longer.
You can tell if a rock contains calcite by putting it into a cold acid (like vinegar). Describe what you would observe if you did the acid test on a rock that contains this substance.
I think that Betty was a best shadow that was facing the opposite direction.
Use grams, use standard.
Cup B because it is just double.
Maybe they had different size of marble.
When you cannot see the solid.
The crystals might have salt in them.
Because the line is closer.
By running water.
Because the eggshells bubbled then dissolved.
I chose this answer because in the mass has 20 and 10 grams and the equals 30 grams.
Yes because if you take out a certain amount of water out of each of them and weigh them and they will weigh the same.
Because if it was just water it would not fizz.
It is darker and it will probably heat faster.
Because it is bubbling and bubbling is a reaction when you mix stuff together and it bubbles.
Look at the rubbings of 2 different fabrics. What do the rubbings tell us about the different textures of these 2 fabrics?
The more grease the more fat there is.
Overly Orange has 120 percent of vitamin C and Luscious Lemon has 50 percent.
One function of the bess beetle's elytra (the hard, black wing set) is protection. What is another function of the elytra?
Because there are vibrations and vibration more and so it was moving in the water so it made it splash.
She could use measuring tape and see how much is it.
No. Because her data does not have enough information to support her prediction.
Delta forms by water or a river.
If you look very closely the positive to positive and negative to negative. Positive and positive do not go together.
The short one is louder than the long one.
I choose water source with a bigger hole because the more water the more momentum to destroy. I chose a slope because the water will travel fast.
The solid dissolves. The solid breaks into tiny pieces so tiny no one can see it.
A solution is something put into a liquid and made one thing.
Probably because the Fruitsnap does not have very much concentrate.
The other disadvantage to this system is the effort is going up, so gravity is working against you.
Solar water heaters with blue collectors heat up faster than solar water heaters with red collectors.
Anna wants to compare the fat in walnuts and peanuts. Using only the results from her experiment, how will Anna know which one, walnuts or peanuts, has more fat? The experiment has the following procedure: Measure out equal masses of walnuts and peanuts (for example, one gram). Smash the samples uniformly in the same size area on brown paper. Wait (the same time for each).
What happens to it is that the deposition goes more far away from the stream table.
Is by the between of 3 Celsius and 9 Celsius 6 Celsius so I looked at 10 and that is how I decided.
How far the ball goes behind the line.
I think the water flows in that direction because water cannot flow up a mountain.
Because then it will not have a way to go.
Yes. The black box absorbs the heat, then releases slowly meaning it is hotter because the white box reflects the heat.
A. Because container A has a higher temperature and dry soil does not contain water so the temperature is going to be high.
To use a centimeters tape.
So people would know to get out of the way.
One has it one way and the other one the different way.
It is one material that dissolves into the other. Making a clear mixture. Although it could be colored, it has to be see through.
I chose this answer because the picture in the circle and the picture square look the same.
Solid is too big to go through the filter hole. Liquid is just water that can go through almost anything.
Because it is already 30 and it is too heavy. So 20.
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral.
Protect the seed.
Because salt look like little pieces of a crystal.
The rings do not touch because the rings are just magnets and the magnets are on the repel side.
It indicates that the it has acid in it.
No because one has more water.
No because it cannot make a complete circuit going each way.
Medium.
They both help the scale by weighing the load.
My rule is to make sure it has seeds.
I think the water flows in that direction because water cannot flow uphill.
So she can prove to her dad that the cookies are not pure sugar. So she can have Fruity Cream Cookies.
Because when it fizzes there is gas and that is a sign of a chemical reaction.
Because the long one has a lower pitch the littler one has a higher pitch.
In the afternoon, shadows point east because the Sun is in the west. So the west side is opposite of the shadows.
The number that is higher when you put the bags in them push until pressure has more sugar.
I think she did make a solution because a solution is when 2 or more materials are mixed together and one disappears into the other.
The clay is deposited there because the clay is the lightest and everything else is heavier so it sinks.
Because you would have to take 50 milliliters of water out of cup B or else cup B would be heavier. So it would more fair.
Look at the picture on the right. Label the poles on each magnet. (The bottom 2 magnets are stuck together, the others are not.) What is the rule that explains why you labeled the poles the way you did?
The more the time the more the tree rings.
Because it is a parallel circuit.
You take the grid chart over each food sample and count the squares that is filled with grease marks.
I chose that answer, because the picture look the same.
That is how much acid or sugar it has.
A. The graph help me because I know that dry soil is black which perhaps it will get hotter unlike the water it reflects the sun's energy.
Because the mass pieces gives you the answer.
The light will turn off.
Heats up faster.
I looked at the pictures below and one of them looked like mystery solution looked at it said alum I picked alum.
It is more better than using other colors.
Yes because it has to vibrate to make sounds.
They needed to use their position.
The harder mineral will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral. If the black mineral is harder, the brown mineral will have a scratch.
Yes. Because black absorbs heat faster than any type of color.
The rings and the tree rings are increasing.
Some are loop, arch, whorled.
I let the water evaporate.
It would dissolve because 100 milliliters of water gives the solid more room to dissolve.
A. Because dry soil heats up faster than water.
A. Solar water heater A was painted more black so that one got hotter.
You use a standard because without a standard, you can change it.
X, I chose x because x is more concentrated.
Because our hand is causing it to make a sound.
It will make a lower pitch and yes.
Same as the light but it is switch to the other side.
He would observe the calcite. Look for calcite in rocks. And then when you think you found it put it in the water.
Sammy - Because Sammy has all different things. And it is easy to discriminate.
The relationship is as the number of blocks increases the distance decreases.
They both have different crystals in them, the ones that are white are whiter than the calcite test crystals.
The charge of the positive negative is flowing to the bulb.
The tree shown in the picture has a shadow because tree blocked the light of the sun.
If she moves the switch left the motor will not start and the light will not light up.
I smaller the string the more amount of numbers.
 Denise made a circuit to light a bulb or run a motor off a D-cell battery. She used a special switch. Below is the schematic diagram of her circuit. The switch is inside the dotted box. Why will the motor run when she moves the switch to the right?
It is because a root produces the plant.
The light bulb will work and the motor will work.
B. The graph helped me because dry soil is not a heat sink like water so it does not absorb the heat as fast.
The crystals have different shapes. Salt crystals are square with little Xs. The calcite crystals are shaped like needles (long and skinny).
It is going to be higher.
Topaz would be hardest because none of the tools could scratch it and at least one tool could scratch X, Y, and Z.
Both of the motors are hooked up to the positive wire, in order for it to work one has to be hooked to a positive and the other has to be hooked up to a negative.
C. Because there are 3 white cakes in pan C.
The contour lines are closest together at Q.
It does that because it vibrates.
Because it is gently.
When earth moves then the shadow will be in the west because by then the sun will be setting.
The balls and the line that tells them to go.
Because she did not wet the filter and when she put the water they got wet.
Because he does not want noise.
X, because it seem more concentrated then y.
As time goes on it gets more speed.
You can put it between the 2 wires if it makes the motor work but if it does not then it is an insulator.
Because it was the cups that I saw and it was 20 grams and 10 grams to see.
You know when the solid is dissolved.
More shelter.
The indophenol did not change color with Fruitsnap because there was none or very little vitamin C.
Answer and questions.
Yes and why is that up put in the 2 holes and the you can make electricity.
Because when the water goes through the filter some water stays which helps the filter catch the sugar.
Heat sink is when the temperature drops.
Topaz is harder than all of them. It is just barely harder than Z, way harder than Y, and pretty harder than X.
No because they had less carbon dioxide than the pure sugar did.
It will not work because it have a open circuit.
They separate because the water makes them into layers by making water onto sand in middle and gray material on bottom.
Because Nigel took out the same amount of solutions. There is 2 spoons for 50 milliliters of water. The concentration are the same.
She made a solution because she said that the water was clear and that is a solution.
It is clear and can be separated with evaporation.
Because it will break.
By moving her finger.
Does it have seeds is it covering seeds.
It protects cotyledon and embryo.
To complete the circuit she needs to connect both ends of the wire to both end of a D-cell. You can use a switch.
It is easy because if it was like the earth and the sun the sun does not move. It is the earth.
2. Trace the structures onto the overlay grid. 4. Look at the smaller grid and draw the structures in the notebook.
A. Box A is laid horizontally. The sun is hitting mostly the top. Box A has a bigger top than box B. Thus making box A hotter.
That the cover absorbs more heat.
Rubbing them together.
It would dissolve because he has so much water there would be enough space to dissolve the solid.
You just get water and the smashed mock rock and put the smashed rock and water together.
The white solid had settles and so the 2 solutions would be a mixture.
Water heats up faster when covered.
It went farther with less blocks and it went no farther with more blocks.
The salt had gone away or dissolved.
The motor at the right will not run because each one does not have a positive and a negative.
Hook the wires to both sides of a battery.
What the who form.
Connect the 2 wires to a light bulb.
I chose no because the circuit is not closed.
It is more descriptive.
Low.
So if people heard this high pitch they would know to move or get out of the way.
Very near to the mouth of the river.
A paperclip is harder.
The information you get from a stream table log that you do not get on a stream table map are the keys that tells you what is what.
To have the same ball and throw the same place. And the weight of the ball. And how hard you throw it.
It is deposited the farthest because it is lighter than the other ones.
Yes, because the electricity can flow through aluminum.
First you need 2 cups a little cube of a toy and a measurement and 3 brown paper with circular. And wait for 2 days.
No, Fruity cream cookies are not pure sugar. The cookies did not produce as much gas as was produced by the pure sugar.
Look at the schematic diagram including a D-cell battery and 3 bulbs. Why do the other 2 bulbs stay lit if the middle bulb burns out?
One is dark and the other is not and okay you can see them better.
The 2 wires from the switch board and the D-cell. You take the wires and put them up to something and if the motor run it conducts electricity.
This is the outer layer that covers the seed.
40 meters, The contour interval is 20 meters.
They will not run because the electricity is going in a circle. And the electricity would be run in and out.
In a flood it would spread farther.
It would change to a high pitch.
As the earth rotates the part facing the sun is turning to make the sun in a different place which causes the to rotate.
Their soft body.
Sammy - Because with this method you can get used to sounds.
The solid dissolves (seems to disappear) and the liquid remains clear.
If the string is short it goes faster swings a lot more than a long one.
It indicates a sugar test to see how much sugar there is.
You cannot see in the maps, the time where the things happen.
It creates a precipitate a new chemical who you mix 2 different chemicals and that creates a precipitate.
Because the sand is heavier.
I decide by looking in it and seeing a seed.
Anna should make sure one is not salted and one is not.
Putting the bag of yeast, warm whatever the food sample you are tasting.
Nothing will happen.
He is using Celsius.
Because is look like it.
Because it sucks up the water as food for the plant and stem.
Get a D-cell and a switch, connect the insulated wire to the switch and battery and you have an electromagnet.
Calcite is straight lines.
Get her own shelter for that lizard.
The mass of beans harvested is getting bigger and higher.
The sound had a higher pitch because it had faster vibrations.
Phil should first put the rock in a bowl of vinegar. If it bubbles a lot it is probably calcite. Next if he is still not sure he should pour the rock and vinegar into a dish and let it evaporate. He should look for needle like markings.
The land lines are close.
It is deposited because the water, river is taking it away with it.
Sammy's - The all wood would just sound the same.
Because her dad said the cookies were pure sugar.
Saves food.
Because of its shaped like a hexagon with a square inside.
When you pull it and it hits the other part.
B. dry soil heats up faster than water because dry soil is like sand gets hot fast.
The magnetism is going through the paperclips.
If it needs to be controlled to make a decision.
Because it is too bright.
A. Because soil heats up faster.
Baby plant.
They all threw the ball at the line.
This system would take longer to set up.
The foam blocks are thick so the magnetism will not be able to go through.
If a color is dark it will heat up more than a light one so blue was dark red was light.
You have to pull up. It may give you mechanical advantage, but it does not give you directional advantage so it takes just as much work.
They have that so people can get out of the way.
I chose this answer because it could not be 30 grams because the ball is lower so it must be 40 grams.
Size of boat.
I know it is the steepest part because the contour lines are closer together.
40, Because it is 20 thought A to B and B to C.
The harder will leave a scratch on the less hard mineral.
The nickel is the heavier and the penny is the lighter.
You have to pull up in this system.  In the single fixed pulley system, you get a directional advantage.
Grace set up a science experiment. Here's what she wrote in her notebook. First I put eggshells into a cup and covered them with vinegar. After a while, small bubbles appeared on the surface of the eggshells. The next day there were more bubbles. In a couple of days, the eggshells were gone and the liquid was clear. I think I made a solution and a reaction. Explain why Grace thinks she made a solution.
Yes. Because black always heats faster than white and white reflects the heat from the sun.
They should all start in the line.
B. Because Julie's has bigger numbers in the chart and letter B looks bigger but with the same amount of everything.
Only the middle bulb will go out.
Use little marbles.
It is the different dog and is not the same.
No, because they have less carbon dioxide than pure sugar.
The sand was too big to fit through the tiny holes in the filter. The salt dissolved into the water and was way too small to get caught in the filter. It just went through.
I would know that the crystals were salt is the way how it looks.
Both loops.
The one has Xs is the one look like sauce.
It would be wobbly so it would make a small sound.
Because the eggshells were gone and the water was left, inside was clear that why she thinks that she made a solution.
Scratch test.
No Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar. My evidence is that there was more carbon dioxide in the pure sugar volume tube than in the Fruity Cream cookies tube. And carbon dioxide is provided when yeast has warmth sugar and water.
Because it curves going up the mountain.
Every time she put in scoops it went up until 3 scoops. Then it went down.
Because the bubbles appear it makes a gas.
As time goes on the speed of light goes faster.
Because the contour lines are closer.
When the string was shorter, the pitch was higher.
The more blocks the truck carries, the less distance the truck travels in 10 seconds.
Yes because the motor is sending the energy back to the light bulb and back.
He could use a paper filter decided what he is using or a screen.
The darker the plastic the quicker the water will heat up.
It will not work because it is dead battery.
Because dark colors absorb heat and energy.
It is harder than all of the other minerals because it cannot get scratched by none of the scratching materials and all the other minerals can get scratched at least one time.
The Topaz is the first hardest mineral out of the 3 on the chart.
Because the particle size was too big and the filter could not hold any more water because it was wet.
Because there needs to be another wire.
It has a seed.
Because salt and water are a solution but sand and water is just a mixture.
That it goes from 0 and up.
As time goes on the speed of light is longer.
Why I chose that answer is that it looks like Alum.
Because the magnets have a magnetic field surrounding them.
First, she needs brown paper, a scale, and a gram of each food. Anna needs to take a gram of each food and let it sit for 2 days. Then she can determine how much fat is in each food by the size of the grease spot.
A few bubbles came. Gas.
During deposition earth materials would get carried away to a new location.
The protection of the seed.
They should be with a balance.
Ran, stood, and walked 2 steps. Also the balls they used.
We use a standard first because we could know how it went then we could use the score it went and test it again.
The magnetic force will still go through.
Which one makes a deeper scratch.
The cars metal parts can attract the magnet which can trigger the light.
It will be a closed series.
If the middle bulb burns out the 2 would burn out.
A solution is something that dissolves into the liquid and a mixture is something mixed up together.
When you cannot separate them with filters or screens.
In java are seed.
What is the relationship between the amount of effort required to lift the load and its distance from the fulcrum?
Because if it sticked it was iron if it did not it is aluminum.
If the light bulb burns out the motor will keep on going.
The 2 bulbs will still be lit when it goes out.
It happens because the 2 bulbs in the middle are connected together and they both are hooked to the wires.
Overly Orange contains more vitamin C, the evidence is that there are fewer drops needed before the liquid turned clear.
The salt crystals shape is a square.
Because the little piece of the liquid and the undissolved is bigger.
2. Trace the neighborhood. 4. Transfer it.
Starting in the same place. Using the same kind of ball.
You see people upside down and kite, cart, cow, buoyant.
We evaporated the salt from the water because the water evaporated and separated.
The clay is where I indicated it because it is the one that gets pushed out the farthest.
The results would tell her how much acid was in the substance.
Yes, because it has a little bit of metal in it.
When you can see through the solution. When the solid gets dissolved into the liquid.
It vibrates because you hit it against something hard.
It makes noise.
She should see if the magnet works as a electromagnet.
It was deposited because it begins to settle to the bottom because the channel is slowing its current.
The salt was made of crystals because crystals have Xs.
Because gas bubbles appeared.
To get people out of the way.
Maybe the left wire went out of energy so maybe the right one went out of energy so both of them are out.
Blue will get hotter because it is a dark color and red is not.
Because the eggshell was gone and it was clear.
Because the big circle makes a low pitch.
The alum in the picture below is a tall hexagon the crystal in the picture above is also a tall hexagon so it led me to the conclusion that they are the same.
To warn people.
45, Because you can tell by the lines.
The fizzing indicates a gas, a new material, is produced. When a new material is produced, a chemical reaction has occurred.
The shadow in the morning is long and the sun is pointing south when it is in the morning and it in the afternoon it is start the shadow.
The shorter the string the more swings the longer the string the less the swings.
You have to put the object between the 2 wires.
It is not connected.
Because there is a vibration on the rubber band.
The light bulb will light.
They separate because the sand is heavier than the flour.
If you made your string like 25 centimeters long it would probably swing 10 to 12 times because it is sort of long and short.
Because that is what it is call and we talks about that is what it is call.
They are not touching each other because they repel.
You get a chart telling you what happened during the time periods.
The crystals were points and the salt crystal were Xs.
The closer the load is to the fulcrum the less Newtons. The farther away from the fulcrum the load is the more Newtons.
The socks, sand, and clay start to make a bigger canyon.
Because you will learn metric unit faster.
Zero out the balance.
If Phil, a geologist, wants to test for calcite while in the field, what should he bring with him? (an acid such as vinegar). Describe what Phil should do to test for calcite and what he would observe.
A solution is a type of mixture. What makes it different from other mixtures?
It goes higher.
The graph tells that the blue covered collected more heat than the red covered.
Deposition is when earth materials move from one.
The more blocks added the farther it went.
To see if it as in the cookies was exactly pure sugar.
Because it started to bubble and have a gas.
I think yes because it does not matter how much whatever you put in it and they put the same amount of stuff.
No because there is one extra spoon in 5.
Because she use eggshells and vinegar then small bubbles appeared then there were more bubbles the eggshells turned into a liquid.
So the root would search for water.
The relationship is that the less blocks the toy truck has the more it will carry and the more blocks the less it can carry.
No she cannot. She would have to turn the switch like this sideways Because there is a gap if you turn it left or right.
If the string is smaller it swings more times if it is longer it swings less times.
Because it is making vibration.
Vinegar, gas, mineral, rock.
Look at the diagram of a circuit at the right. Will the motor run? Why?
Yes because something else can have the exact same thing and it does not have to be like that.
She will see the different pigments.
It got a higher pitch.
They are the same because when the solution is saturated it is at its highest point of concentration.
Yes because aluminum is a type of metal.
YES. I think yes because it changes the sound.
A controlled experiment is when you change one variable at a time to affect the outcome.
There would be no material of bottom because mixtures does not have any material on bottom.
If the string is shorter, it will swing more than if the string is long.
I chose that answer because there is no battery.
The crystals were salt.
They both relate because one equals the other for a answer.
We put the water and salt in the Petri dish. The water evaporated and the salt became crystals.
You see how it mixes together and sometimes there are bubbles or wet.
It grows by the scoops get more then stops at a point and go back down.
Alum has things inside so I look at the picture and it has things inside so I knew it was alum.
Sammy's - Because the materials he mentioned were all different. So if they are all different you can tell the difference between them.
Because when the earth rotates, not the sun, the sun moves, but it really stays in one place, making the shadow move.
I chose it because there needs to be more wires on the sign.
Put the calcite in the vinegar and you will see bubbles.
No because they might weigh different.
I chose the answer because in the key below in the middle is alum and it looks the same as the one above.
360, big the line of the A, B, C, D.
40, I know because the distance between every line is 20, since 20 plus 20 equals 40.
20 plus 10 equals 30 and that is smaller than the ball which must be C.
Wendy can hook one side of the wire to a switch, and the other side of the wire to the negative side of the D-cell after that get another small wire and hook that to the positive side of the D-cell and to the top of the switch.
Because red uncovered is smaller than the blue covered heater.
The light can stick to the magnet because it is a magnet.
She will what experiment.
I chose cup 2 because it has more solute in it.
The indophenol did not change colors because Fruitsnap does not have a high concentration of acid.
Because we measured them.
It would have a higher pitch.
The clay is deposited where I indicated because the river has brought the clay in the lake.
The grease marks will show her which one has more fat.
Earth materials are washed away and settled to the bottom.
The boat with 0 marbles is the standard in this experiment.
Some parts will fizz and bubble with rise to the top.
I see a lot of things that might look like paper it hit the mirror and it soon on the mirror.
He should put the rock or mineral in a cup and pour vinegar and if it bubble then it calcite.
She recommended the topographic map because the map shows the elevations along the trail. Pam would know where the trail was the steepest.
The ink would separate from the paper.
Like a small river getting big, deltas are formed when a regular river is out to a ocean or lake. Over time the water will erode the mouth into a fan shaped deposit.
Other mixtures are mixed with peas and tomatoes and other foods.
The motors will not run because the D-cells has to be switched around.
The pitch will get high.
Why the shadow changes during the day because our earth rotates around.
He can by putting the 2 wires together.
It would make a High sound.
Crush the peanuts and walnuts on brown piece of paper and let it sit out for a few days.
Elena should include another home.
That blue is really high and that the red does not cover nothing so that means he is last.
Because it is so light.
The clay is lighter so it is carried farther.
This pulley system gives you a mechanical advantage the single fixed gives directional advantage.
No because a string is not made of iron or steel.
Because the sun is pointing east and the shadow have to point to the north.
The tree is blocking the sun rays.
The tree has a shadow because the tree blocked the sun from hitting the ground.
The magnet hook all of those paperclips together because the magnetic electricity travels through the paperclips.
The bubbles made a reaction.
A. A, because it is hotter than the B and dry soil fast more fast than the water heat.
The saxophone has the longest and fattest tube.
2. Do not put so much detail. 4. He can put on side on 2 pages and the other on the other 2 pages.
I think that way, because the water will flow down the mountain, not up it.
The motor's circuit will be completed.
Sammy - Because wood blocks of different shapes and sizes would sound the same so Sammy's is better.
Because it is the biggest.
The longer the string the shorter the swings.
It is different because the short string has a high pitch and the long string has a low pitch.
They go different direction.
It stays at the top because it is too big to go through the filter and the water is just a liquid.
Nathaniel - Because Nathaniel wants to put blocks of different sizes and it will make a different sound by the length.
Sammy - Sammy is easier to tell the difference because it made it out of different thing.
It will have different colors on it.
Then is the cannot of the seed.
By earth materials moving then stopping where the delta is.
No because silver chloride is different than silver nitrate.
The relationship is it goes down one every time you add a block.
I will by looking if the dogs have paw prints.
Because the magnets have a north and south pole and if the north touches the north or visa-versa north the will not touch.
He can use is volume because he can use it.
The reason why this happened is because the sun revolves around the earth.
It has to suck up all the water so that it can grow.
Peanut has more than walnut.
Embryo grows the leaves.
Sammy - Because if it was same blocks just different sizes you would not know which sound it was so makes it harder but with Sammy idea they would be different so that is easy so Sammy.
The small string has a higher pitch because you pluck it and it goes so fast that it has a high pitch.
Because B is the double of A.
The girls needed to change each variable at a time, like starting at the same position, all 3 of them, and the mass of the balls.
You would know by which way the shadow is pointing to.
By having everything controlled.
The graph tells us that the blue covered will get hotter because with the lid it got much more hotter.
Yes. Yes it will because your prediction is based off of what you know and to have data to refer back to you probably will have a more accurate answer.
Horn.
If she move the battery back it will light up.
If the syringe goes up that means there is acid in the food.
The motor will still keep running.
2. Then trace it. 4. Then add detail.
They could use a meter tape.
She should add another shelter.
By the volume tube how much carbon dioxide. The more carbon dioxide the more sugar.
Overly Orange, OO, has more because it has less drops. Luscious Lemon does not have as much as OO because of the drops.
The bulbs will stay lit.
Topaz is harder because it would be all no on the chart.
The one that crumbles the most.
It is a high pitch.
Because it has the same amount of water and heat.
The longer the string the less swings the shorter the more swings.
It will shake and make sound.
When it was closer it was harder and when it was farther away it was easier.
Once he added one more the mass was slower and that is what he showed on the graph.
I would it going further and further.
No, Fruity Cream cookies have 150 milliliters of carbon dioxide and pure sugar has 200 milliliters carbon dioxide.
Because the sun would probably be northwest for the shadow to face southeast.
I think that it would be 10 Celsius that is changed.
Another disadvantage might be the size of the load. 360 newtons is quite a large load to be pulling upward!
They should use grams to weigh the apple.
Whichever food item has the highest number. The highest one is the one with more sugar in it.
Because when you use a mixture and as it dissolve it is a solution.
Because it has more amplification.
The she tested sugar and it also indicates that the water was too hot.
The motors shown at the right will not run because 2 negatives are connected.
The part of a plant you are observing is a fruit if it has seeds.
So you would see the steep sides like 5000.
I put C because cup 2 has more spoons of solute so it would be heavier.
Nathaniel - Because plastic and metal make different noises than just wood.
The motor and light will run.
I chose 6 Celsius because you would be counting by 3's if there was a 20 centimeters long, because the length of each container was counting by 10's.
Because the ball cannot be 40 grams or 20 grams it has to be 30 grams because the ball it little.
Why does the tree shown in the picture have a shadow?
Well when you mix the 2 solutions it became a different mixture.
The motor will still run because it is a parallel circuit.
You would find the answer.
The type of ball they use how they got to the point of where they were supposed to throw the ball.
Because the water flow to the basin which is the rose mountains.
Because that is what a plant need to grow. The roots are the part of the plant that sucks up the water.
No because a piece of string is not something made of wire and cannot carry electricity through that type of material.
It tells if you use a cover it gets hotter than not using a cover.
Because she can be know that the vibration travel in the water.
A heat sink is a material that can hold a lot of heats. Heat sink heats up materials.
The crystals did not look much like calcite but the did not look like salt either.
When the switch is moved nothing will work.
That the blue covered one is the hottest and the red uncovered one is the coldest.
Georgia could rub them together.
Something that absorbs heat and loses heat slow like water.
A substance that can take in and give off heat.
It is easier to lift when the load is closer to the fulcrum.
No because it will not let electricity flow and it is not metal.
That whatever she test has more acid or sugar.
They could pick up paperclips because the magnetism went through the paperclips.
The one that does not have a scratch.
If it is a parallel circuit it will stay lit. If it is a series circuit it will not stay light.
Use a standard like a gram.
A 2 boat.
It might because of the force might be strong enough.
Stores food for the plant in until it can make on its own.
It happens because that string of lights is a parallel string of lights.
The foam blocks are too thick so they will not work.
Mineral Z can scratch topaz because mineral Z cannot be scratched by a penny or a fingernail but it can get scratched by a paperclip.
She will put vinegar on the permanent ink to see if it will spread.
Because there are bubbles and the shells just disappeared.
You can turn it on.
Greta could have had a bigger hand.
The cotyledon is its food holder.
Sammy - If you do not know what the thing then you need.
The balls all need to be the same. And they all need to stand and throw.
Because solution B has more water in the top.
The sound was lower.
It going in a coil.
That if it does have material at the bottom that it is not.
2. Trace the grid with a marker on the overlay grid. 4. Color the smaller grid.
It hit the first one.
Because sand is much softer and the salt.
Because there is the same amount of solvent but there is more solute in cup 2.
The longer the string the lower the pitch.
Lee can touch the wire hangout and the meter will ran.
Because it is the only one that will form a complete circuit.
Mariella made a saturated solution by adding a solid to 100 milliliters water. Richard made a saturated solution by adding the same solid to 250 milliliters water. Do the 2 saturated solutions have the same concentration? Explain your answer.
Magnets only have such a big magnetic field.
You get a penny or a nickel if one of them scratches the metal it is hard.
Because they weighed different but the same answer.
It happens because the earth is rotating and it does not stay on the same place every time of day.
The root grows fruit because root always grows first.
You could not do it.
When the string was tighter, the pitch was higher.
It does not show how much dissolved and how much did not.
I think the water flows in the direction because that is where the crack is.
Still high.
Takes the same amount of space.
It probably has a lot of acid.
Store food.
Earth materials get carried away.
You use a standard so you can change the variable if needed in an experiment and you can also change the variable at a time.
2. Trace the model onto the overlay grid. 4. And copy the overlay grid onto the smaller grid that is in your notebook.
How does the water flow in a creek during a flood compared to normal water flow?
Is just tiny and big because of crystals.
Looks like salt that has fizz on in it.
First she can take 2 pieces of brown paper and make even circles on both. She then measures out a gram for each. After that she spreads around the peanut on paper, in the circle Anna does the same for the walnut. After that she waits a day. Then she takes the grease spots and measures the spots by using a grid. Whichever one has the most centimeters squared is the one with more fat.
On the first one the middle is light and the second one is dark in the middle.
C. It has more black circles.
It folds of when it is done.
They could get a meter tape and see how long it is.
It has to have at least one seed.
In the morning the sun rises from the east, and the bus blocked the light and made a shadow on the opposite direction.
I know the part of the plant I am observing is a fruit because it has one or more seeds.
They both have different hand length.
If it show on south east the shadow will be facing north east.
The motor will burn out.
Because it is like a string.
He did that because the magnet has a lot of power so it picked up on paperclip then that paperclip is a temporary magnet and passes the power.
I now one is same an hard.
A. Because there is more black tarp and under Julie it has higher temperatures. And more black heats up faster so Julie's is A.
Patterns below then.
The bag with the most carbon dioxide has the most sugar in it.
You have to use less effort.
They are different because crystals from the calcite test are not minerals and the salt crystals are minerals.
I think the marbles were different sizes.
Because the rubber band vibrates.
Pull it.
A heat sink is when a material heats up slowly but stays warmer longer when cooling off.
They should use a standard measurement to weigh the apple.
When you pick up a object that object acts like it is a magnet.
Because the sun does not move the earth does.
The metal on the car will try to touch together.
The pitch would get lower.
She could rub them together.
It will not work because you have to put the switch in front of the negative sign.
Show them the crystals.
The food with most carbon dioxide has the most sugar.
It would make a high pitch.
Only if the motor works then is a conductor.
Some dogs more cracks on their paws.
Yes it is possible both solubility's are correct different solubility's very possible because some substances are more able to dissolve in less space than others.
Anna could take a little piece of walnut and a same piece of peanut then take 2 pieces of brown paper and spread the walnut piece on one paper and the peanut piece on the other paper. Then she should wait a few days and then she should look on the back of each paper and see what nut has the biggest grease spot. That is the nut that has more fat in it.
A deposition at the mouth of the river.
They are loops.
0 scoops it got 0.2, one scoop got 0.7, 2 scoops it got 1.2, 3 scoops got 1.5, 4 scoops it got 1.2.
It vibration.
He could see what solid used and he will find out what it is.
There will be more, bubbles, gas than the other.
It was not a standard unit of measurement.
With her nail.
C. Because it has more black circles.
It helps the baby to eat food.
When a car stops it will go to the next light.
The evidence he has is that it is clear and nothing on bottom to be a solution.
She should get a bigger and food and water.
Part that stores food.
Pull down.
He has that he put a solute in the solvent and it came out clear and nothing on bottom.
Because the sun is going around us while the earth spins in circles which makes it go around.
The holes in the filter are smaller than the solid particles, and the water particles are smaller than the holes, so the water goes through the filter while the solid will not go through.
A experiment in which one variable is changed.
Because that is a part of the plant.
Because we learned it because it was white that is how we knew.
Because it is not flowing in a circle.
The shadow is point east.
It will be separated in groups.
Because it is closed and when it is closed it runs.
When water and salt mix the salt disappears or seems to and when you cannot see the salt that means you have made a solution.
The magnet sends magnet through one paperclip to another.
The shorter the string the more times it swings.
Because it was vibrating. I do not know what it means!
The tree in this picture has a shadow because the tree is something that can be reflected to the ground by the sun, and in this picture, the sun is out.
A crystal is signet, and has stuff in the middle. The calcite is clear smooth. Salt crystals look like something is dried up.
2. Use the blocks and draw the picture on the blocks of the overlay sheet. 4. Draw what you have on that sheet you just did in your notebook.
They have different shapes.
2. Then trace the model. 4. You draw the map like the overlay grid.
So you know what part of the mountain is the easiest part to climb and it has more details.
The variable the girls controlled was the way they threw the ball.
Fruity Cream cookies are not pure sugar. I know this because if the Fruity Cream cookies were pure sugar the volume tube would read the same.
It heats up faster.
A. It helped me because container A has the highest temperature than container B.
The light will come on.
You would see the mineral fizzing.
The happen when you do the experiment.
Jim used a solid and water to make Mixture one (one spoon of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with nothing on the bottom), Mixture 3 (3 spoons of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with nothing on the bottom), Mixture 4 (4 spoons of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with material on the bottom), and Mixture 5 (5 spoons of solid in 100 milliliters water was clear with material on the bottom) as shown below. He stirred each one and observed the results. What evidence does Jim have that the solid and water make a solution?
When it vibrates it goes so fast but it hits the string.
It the solar water heater has a cover it is going to get hotter.
Overly Orange contains higher concentration because the one with the least drops contains most vitamin C. Orange 8, Lemon 13.
Flood water has a great velocity and force.
I think that the mixture would be clear with nothing on the bottom, because both mixture one and 3 say that if mixture 3 is not saturated and has more material than 2, 2 would not be saturated either.
The car is made out of iron so they can attract.
I chose it because I looked at the key below and I saw the same shape.
I chose that one because the sun might reflect it back and almost every dark color are the ones who makes it hot.
The seed.
Maybe Andre's hand is bigger than Greta's hand.
When the mixture is mixed.
It was a slow reaction but when it started to bubble and the shell dissolved it was a reaction.
Jim could evaporate the solution. The water would go into the air and turn into a gas but the salt would stay behind.
Yes I do agree. Because an object has to move to make vibration which makes sound.
The light bulb will turn on.
To help strangulate.
It would not work. It would have to be a wire to be able to work because it is not metal.
The earth orbits around the sun so the shadow will change.
That happens because if you move it to the left she just closed that circuit.
Because the vibration makes the water splash.
Where you throw the ball from.
The embryo is the root or stem.
To keep the variables controlled.
By looking at the vinegar.
The mirror would complete the image of the object and make the object appear whole.
It is placed and left in deltas and riverbanks.
Fall off because they have no iron in them.
If the 2 bulbs in the middle burns out the one on top will.
First you take the black mineral and rub it against the brown mineral. Then see if you can wipe off the mark and if you can the brown one is harder and if you cannot the black one is harder.
By using your hand.
There is material on the bottom and that means it is saturated solution.
Denise made a circuit to light a bulb or run a motor. She used a special switch. Below is the schematic diagram of her circuit. The switch is inside the dotted box. What will happen when she moves the switch to the left?
First, erosion wears all the materials away. Then, deposition makes a v shaped valley.
Because it looks the same as her observation.
Because it rubber.
I chose B because dark green is the darkest color and dark colors absorbs the sun's energy.
It could be up and side.
Yes because vitamin C makes the indicator clear and the lower amount of drops the more vitamin C.
It is going to be clear at the bottom and you will not see anything and I know this because if it does not dissolve in mixture it will not dissolve.
That happens because they each have their own circuit.
The hard black wing set.
Because the bubble makes the solution or mixture different.
This is why it makes the lower sound the one I circled goes down and then up that might be why.
It is different because rubbing B has holes that are dark shaded wide and rubbing A has small holes that are mostly rough.
Then material will probably split up into smaller parts.
The flood water rises and goes really fast picking up sand and dirt.
The longer the string the less swings The shorter the string the more swings.
Sammy - Because they are not the same material.
The other 2 will stay lit.
The same, because both solutions have the same saturation point so they have the same concentration and amount of solid.
The seed coat helps keep the seed safe like our skin.
Mixtures one and 2 are solutions because they are clear.
It would have little tiny crystals that are white.
It will happen because that is turning the switch off or opening the switch.
The baby inside the seed.
I chose no because it is not a complete circuit.
West is always on your left, after that it is east.
It is the baby plant.
They are the same.
It hits your finger.
Because when it fizzing it releases a gas. When a gas forms from 2 materials it is a gas.
Because they dissolved.
They could both use the metric unit grams.
Because it is a big one so it is going to make the lowest sound.
Because you can see that her lines has the top and it is steeper.
No, because one has more water.
The batteries are negative to negative.
I do agree with her because a object has to move to make a sound.
Because if the magnet touches the one paperclip became a temporary magnet and when another paperclip hooked that other paperclip worked like a magnet.
He knew because there are bubbles in the container.
I decided it would be 6 Celsius for 10 minutes because it is counting by 3's. Also because the bigger it gets the hotter it would be.
Jen was talking on the phone with her Uncle Bill who lives in Canada. When she asked him how the weather was, he said it was nice and warm, about 28 degrees. What unit is Uncle Bill using to report the temperature?
Overly Orange because orange does contain more color.
That one has holes and the other one does not. One probably smooth and the other one bumpy.
You can control the experiment.
Because your finger smacks on it.
Well 3 is the perfect amount because 4 is too many 2 is not enough.
Always use grams to know who much it weighs.
What is a heat sink?
Yes, the solutions have the same concentration because, using the same solute and water, there is a saturation point per milliliters of water and they have both reached the saturation point, they are saturated and cannot become any more concentrated, so they are both equally concentrated.
Because there is 2 spoons and 50 milliliters and then there is 4 spoons and 100 milliliters so they are going to weigh the same.
They can just throw from the line and not run.
The amount of ropes supporting it.
To see if the energy goes through it or not to make a circuit.
The water flows in a faster range than normal because there is more water.
No. Only one circuit can be complete at a time.
Guitars have wires that makes sound Just like a rubber band.
It could not because electricity cannot go through sting.
By the vibrations.
Nathaniel - Because bigger stuff wood blocks.
Because it has the size between 10 centimeters and 3 centimeters and if you look at the table the temperature should be the middle.
I chose dark green because dark colors attract the sun.
One is going left the other is going right.
It will have a lower sound than when you let go.
Fruitsnap contains little or no vitamin C so Fruitsnap does not change the color of the indophenol.
The solutions both have the same amount of water, but not the same amount of clear material on the bottom. So cup one wins.
Because it is a thick.
Like a switch.
I will work because electricity is going from the positive to the negative.
The brass ring would not have any iron in it so it would not stick.
The motor will stay on because the wire is coming out of the positive end and the back.
There are other little streams at that end that was formed by water.
They can measure the rug with a meter tape.
Stores food.
Get a D-cell and a switch.
She can do a scratch test and see which one is harder.
Because it lets magnetism through the paperclips.
It is shaped as square and has an X in the middle.
Because there was no acid in it.
That the white solid is C.
Daniel - Because he dropped a popsicle.
Sammy's - Because if you use wooden blocks, then it all sound the same and it is difficult to tell which is which.
As time goes on the speed of light goes the same.
I chose that answer because the gap between the 2 magnets is too big.
No, because there is not going to be a closed circuit on both sides.
You can see it on the pictures.
Get a rock and put it in a vial and pour acid into the vial. Wait a while and when a while is done look in the evaporating dish with your hand lens.
The further the effort, the less effort is needed. The closer the effort, the more is needed.
Because if you put dark green, it will absorb the heat from the sun fast, because it is a dark color.
The magnets do not touch because if you flip the magnet to the other side it will not stick because it makes them different.
Depends on how powerful the magnets are.
So she could prove that cream fruit cookies had less than pure sugar.
It would be a longer sound.
Because if you think of it it will be what you are looking for.
Yes because it is a conductor.
X, Cup x must have been more concentrated because it is heavier.
Wendy will get a battery and connect the wires to the battery, get a battery holder.
To see if Fruity Cream cookies was pure sugar.
Because the darker the color the faster it will heat up.
A bigger hole puts more water in the stream. Increased flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion. A steeper slope makes the water flow faster. Faster flow moves more earth materials, increasing erosion.
First he could take a wet filter paper, put a clear cup with nothing in it underneath it, then pour the solution through the filter paper.
The cotyledon is the food for the baby plant.
You will put a magnet on it and see if it sticks.
I think that because it is able to do that.
To do chromatography test.
The 2 negative ends of the D-cells are facing each other and the electricity cannot get out.
The light bulb will work.
Where the place they had to throw the ball from.
2. Copy the pitcher onto the grid paper. 4. Make a little model that could maybe be flat then pop up.
The sand and salt weigh different, one is big one is little.
That there is undissolved particle at the bottom.
No Because she can turn one on at a time.
Because if you had no standard of measurement you could not measure anything.
Finally Susan will have to get a volume tube put the bag in it and press down. Then you are done.
To protect the seed when it is growing.
One is going left and the same.
The standard is the 0 one.
It will be louder.
The more blocks you add the less distance it would go. It would have more mass.
It would not provide useful information because you would not know if either red covered or blue covered absorbed most heat or if red uncovered or blue uncovered absorbed most heat.
I think it flows that way because rivers usually flow from valleys into mountains.
To see how much sugar it really has.
Because the wires in between the D-cells are connected to the same end.
Plucking is pull.
Jim would see a clear solution. 3 spoons of solid dissolves, so 2 spoons will dissolve.
They recommended it so they could see the steep parts, they are route, elevation, and shape.
It is not a complete circuit.
It had acid.
West is on the left side.
