id	question	referAnswer	stuid	stuAnswer	accuracy
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.110.1	By letting it sit in a dish for a day.	incorrect
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.113.1	Let the water evaporate and the salt is left behind.	correct
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.384.1	By pouring the water and salt into the thing, and letting the water evaporate.	correct
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.385.1	By slowly pouring it in a tray.	incorrect
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.395.1	The water evaporated so there was only salt left.	correct
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.402.1	We put the water with the salt in it and put it outside for the water to evaporate.	correct
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.416.1	I separated the salt from the water because the salt are on the rocks that are on the bottom and the water is on the top.	incorrect
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.418.1	Because you can see salt in water.	incorrect
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.420.1	I let the water evaporate.	correct
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.421.1	The water dried up and left the salt.	correct
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.431.1	We let the water evaporate.	correct
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.435.1	The water dried up.	correct
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.438.1	You just get water and the smashed mock rock and put the smashed rock and water together.	incorrect
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.444.1	You put the water, a little bit, in a cup and leave it overnight.	incorrect
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.454.1	We evaporated the salt from the water because the water evaporated and separated.	correct
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.460.1	We put the water and salt in the Petri dish. The water evaporated and the salt became crystals.	correct
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.472.1	We poured the salt into a Petri dish and poured the water out.	incorrect
EM_45b	You used several methods to separate and identify the substances in mock rocks. How did you separate the salt from the water?	The water was evaporated, leaving the salt.	EM.45b.474.1	By the Petri dish.	incorrect